
Spoiled billionaire playboy Oliver Queen is missing and presumed dead when his yacht is lost at sea. He returns five years later a changed man, determined to clean up the city as a hooded vigilante armed with a bow.
The story behind Detective James Gordon's rise to prominence in Gotham City in the years before Batman's arrival.
A young Clark Kent struggles to find his place in the world as he learns to harness his alien powers for good and deals with the typical troubles of teenage life in Smallville, Kansas.
The adventures of an idealistic mad scientist and his field team of superpowered outcasts.
Upon escaping after decades of imprisonment by a mortal wizard, Dream, the personification of dreams, sets about to reclaim his lost equipment.
Set in an alternate history where masked vigilantes are treated as outlaws, Watchmen embraces the nostalgia of the original groundbreaking graphic novel of the same name, while attempting to break new ground of its own.
When The Sandman is pulled from his realm and imprisoned on Earth, he languishes for decades before finally escaping.
The Dark Knight battles crime in Gotham City with occasional help from Robin and Batgirl.
 Feature film based on the comic book superhero, The Flash.
Teenage superheroes strive to prove themselves as members of the Justice League.
A team of five teenaged superheroes save the world from many villains around their city while experiencing things normal teens face today.
The untold story of Superman's grandfather as he fights for justice on his home planet.
A man struggling with his faith who is haunted by the sins of his past is suddenly thrust into the role of defending humanity from the gathering forces of darkness.
A continuation of the Justice League animated series finds the original members of the team joined in their battle against crime and evil by dozens of other heroes from the DC comics universe.
Seven of the most formidable heroes form arguably the most powerful team ever.

Fuelled by remorse and vengeance, a high schooler named Terry McGinnis revives the role of Batman. Under supervision of an elderly Bruce Wayne, he fights crime in a harsh, futuristic Gotham.
The Man of Steel fights crime with help from his friends at the Daily Planet.
The further and darker adventures of Batman with a new Robin, a closer association with Batgirl and the previous Robin now as Nightwing.
The last son of the planet Krypton protects his adoptive home of Earth as the greatest of the superheroes.
Billionaire Bruce Wayne fights crime and evil as the mysterious Batman.
You control Batman as he fights to subdue The Joker and his fellow inmates when they seize control of the Asylum on Arkham Island.
A group of humans join the Green Lantern Corps, an alien interstellar police force that protects the universe.
Following three of Gotham City's most notorious female criminals on one of their most dangerous missions yet.
Following hired assassin Floyd Lawton also known as Deadshot.
You play as Batman and unleash your terror into the hearts of criminals, battling against foes such as Dr. Jonathan Crane/The Scarecrow, Ra's al Ghul, and Carmine "The Roman" Falcone.
Kamandi and his friends Prince Tuftan of the Tiger Kingdom and humanoid mutant Ben Boxer are kidnapped by a gorilla cult dedicated to finding the reincarnation of their god, The Mighty One.
When Mr. Freeze, desperate to save his dying wife, kidnaps Barbara Gordon (Batgirl) as an involuntary organ donor, Batman and Robin must find her before the operation can begin.
The adventures of the Kryptonian superhero dog and his friends.
The movie is based on the popular character from DC Comics.
A criminal love story between Harley Quinn and the Joker.
Batman faces off against the original creature of the night, Count Dracula, who has been unintentionally resurrected by the Penguin.
Follows Bruce Wayne as he tries to juggle being the Billionaire and owner of Wayne Enterprises, with the masked vigilante Batman.
At Super Hero High, iconic super heroes like Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn, Bumblebee, Poison Ivy, and Katana navigate all the twists and turns of high school.
After a battle with a high-tech villain named, Saiko-Tek, the Teen Titans travel to the city of Tokyo where they find themselves embroiled in a conflict with an ancient enemy.
Decades after the retirement of Bruce Wayne as Batman, a boy dons the identity to avenge his own father's murder.
Like her father Zatara, Zatanna has many magical powers, and in that first issue, she's on a journey to find him.
Earth X is one of many realities in the multiverse, with one glaring difference from our Earth; the Nazis won World War II! Led by The Ray, it is here that a group of heroes known as the ...                
When the Joker and Lex Luthor form an alliance, Batman must team up with the Justice League in order to stop them.
The world of Justice League and the Netherealm collide following the merge between Darkseid and Shao Kahn, ultimately forming Dark Kahn. Heroes are haunted by a mysterious force called Rage, forgetting who the true enemy is.
A robot rebels against its creators, refusing to kill, and goes on the run.
Lex Luthor is frozen during a battle with the Justice League. He thaws out in the 31st century, discovers Time Trapper and prevents Superman's arrival to Earth as a baby. Future teen heroes Karate Kid and Dawnstar must stop him.
The adventures of the female superheroes and supervillains of Gotham City.
The notorious criminals including the Joker, the Penguin, Catwoman, and Scarecrow have broken out of Arkham Asylum and are set to wreak havoc in Gotham City.
The many adventures of the Main Man Lobo, a galactic bounty hunter.
The Man of Steel fights evil in the city of Metropolis and beyond. Each episode ends with a short vignette about key events from Kal-El's youth on Earth.
Creators, cast and network executives recount the strange history of the Dana Carvey Show, the irreverent prime time sketch comedy show that aired for eight episodes on ABC, following its star's meteoric run on Saturday Night Live.
Taking place in an alternate reality featuring their versions of Superman, Wonder Woman, and Batman.
With the additional help of Cyborg, the greatest DC Comics superheroes continue their battle against the forces of evil.
The Glorious Pictures or Batman: Knightfall is not affiliated with WB or DC in any manner. Batman: Knightfall is a Realistic CGI non-commercial fan-film being made by The Glorious Pictures ...                
Aquaman must battle foes in the air, on land and in the depths of the Seven Seas, along with some help from The Justice League, to save the day .
The Justice League of America battles the plots of the supervillian team, the Legion of Doom.
The adventures of the original stretchable superhero and various other characters.
A young Clark Kent struggles to find his place in the world as he learns to harness his alien powers for good and deals with the typical troubles of teenage life in Smallville, Kansas. It ...                
The Man of Steel returns from the extinct planet Kyrpton to his home Metropolis only to find himself protecting it once more from foes such as Metallo, Mongul and Bizarro.
Scientist Alec Holland invents a growth substance that could end world hunger, but a plantation owner obsessed with immortality tries to steal it and causes an accident that turns Alec into a human-plant mutant, protector of the bayou.
Now with the addition of Firestorm, the Super Friends oppose the forces of evil, especially the evil New God, Darkseid.
A team of the greatest DC Comics superheroes protects Earth with the help of a pair of alien sibling apprentices.
a Plot
An DC animated shorts following the emerald archer and his super artificial intelligence bow as he takes on crime alongside black canary.
Documentary about the Dark Knight Trilogy.
The true stories that spawned the eerie tale of Damien, a small boy with an angelic face, whose very name still conjures up thoughts of Satan. This documentary shares spine-tingling ...                
The further and darker adventures of the team consisting of DC Comics' greatest superheroes.
A documentary detailing the epic Rogues' Gallery of DC Comics from The Joker and Lex Luthor, Sinestro, Darkseid and more, this documentary will explore the Super Villains of DC Comics.
A Batman fan film in which Commissioner Gordon's daughter Barbara is kidnapped by a man he sent to prison 20 years before, and he asks for Batman's help to get her back.
Romeo Montague is the alias of (the re-animated) Patient Zero, a skilled, mutated android hit-man/pimp/ancient relics collector, that lives in Verona City, N.Y.; a dystopic metropolis filled with extreme horror and sexual deviancy.
A humorous telling of the history of the comic book superhero.
Year of manufacture: 2006 Genre: Action / Adventure / For Kids Developer: DC Studios Publisher: Konami Language: Russian and English Language of voice: English Publication Type: Piratka ...                
A video game based on the hit TV show Teen Titans.
Metropolis will follow Lois Lane and Lex Luthor as they investigate the world of fringe science and expose the city's dark and bizarre secrets. Airing exclusively on DC's upcoming digital ...                
a Plot
a Plot
A man offers people who have been wronged an unexpected form of vengeance.
"Science of Superman" interviews the experts and uses highlights from comic books, television and film - including scenes from the 2006 summer blockbuster, "Superman Returns" - to examine ...                
After being presumed dead, Black Manta has returned and intends to destroy kingdom of Atlantis. In order to protect his subjects and the rest of the seven seas, Aquaman must venture into his city, save his people, and defeat Black Manta.
A film about the life and career of the famed Canadian comic book talent.
a Plot
Superman leaps off the comic page for the first time in this animated series that ran from 1941-1942.
The adventures of the Justice League on a comedic animal version that includes Bat-Mongoose, Wonder Wombat, and Super-Manatee
A documentary filmed during production of the film "Supergirl" showing the world how and who made it. This interesting featurette includes interviews with the cast and crew along with ...                
This documentary treats movie fans to a behind-the-scenes look at the making of Superman III, a more comical take on the superhero story in which the Man of Steel takes on a supercomputer ...                
a Plot
An overview of the making of Batman Returns (1992).
 McClure presents a documentary on the making of Superman (1978).
A look at the history of the Batman comic franchise.
a Plot
A look behind the scenes at the making of Batman Begins (2005).
An overview of how Batman Begins (2005) was taken from concept to realization.
An exploration of the mythological roots of the Man of Steel.
Featurette on Michelle Pfeiffer's character in Batman Returns (1992).
Featurette on Billy Dee Williams' character in Batman (1989).
Mr. Freeze, (Not Exactly) Batman and CIA collide in a plotless spoof of a fan film.
Face waves of aliens descending on your spaceship and clear the screen to achieve victory.
An overview of the making of the film Batman (1989).
Profile featurette on Tracey Walter's character in Batman (1989).
An overview of the development of the film Batman (1989).
How Christian Bale got himself into shape, both physically and mentally, in order to play Batman for the movie Batman Begins (2005).
Ernie Anderson narrates this look at the making of Richard Donner's blockbuster 1978 film. Behind-the-scenes footage, as well as scenes from the film, reveal just how audiences were able to...                
A look at the effects work for the film Batman Begins (2005).
A documentary about the making of Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman (1993).
A look at the cultural influence of Batman, and the various movie and comic book incarnations of the character, with a specific focus on the film Batman Begins (2005).
The story of the development of the visual effects used in the first Christopher Reeve Superman film.
a Plot
k Skinner learns more about his sporting hero Muhammad Ali, visiting key locations and people in his life - including the bare knuckle fighter from Oxfordshire who became one of Ali's dear friends.
An overview of the design process of the Batmobile for the film Batman Begins (2005).
Featurette on Danny DeVito's character in Batman Returns (1992).
A look at the special effects work on the film Batman Returns (1992).
A look at the costume design for the film Batman Returns (1992).
A look at how the costumes were created for the movie Batman Begins (2005).
Lynda Carter and four female authors discuss the status of Wonder Woman as a feminist icon.
Reconstruction, using the original storyboard art and with character voiceovers, of the Robin cameo sequence from the Batman (1989) script, which was ultimately never filmed.
a Plot
An overview of the production design work for the film Batman Begins (2005).
A look at how the Batman franchise was revived by the film Batman (1989).
A look at the composition of the music for the film Batman Returns (1992).
Featurette on Michael Gough's character in Batman Returns (1992).
a Plot
Featurette on Christopher Walken's character in Batman Returns (1992).
Lynda Carter's fifth variety special.
A look at the makeup design for the film Batman Returns (1992).
Documentary about the making of the sequel to Superman.
An overview of the Batman character as portrayed in Batman Returns (1992).
a Plot
A look at how the penguin army was filmed during the shooting of Batman Returns (1992).
A look at the second season of Wonder Woman, when the show moved to CBS and into the 70's.
Featurette on Kim Basinger's character in the film Batman (1989).
Aliens invade planet Earth and only Superman can save us.
Batman seeks Claire Williams, a Wayne Enterprises employee who designed the prototype of new type of hologram who has been reported missing. To rescue her, he must battle his way through a ...                
a Plot
A look at the production design work for the film Batman Returns (1992).
a Plot
a Plot
When an unknown monster named Doomsday invades Metropolis, Superman must fight him in an epic and fierce battle to save the city.
Featurette on Robert Wuhl's character in Batman (1989).
Featurette on Pat Hingle's character in Batman (1989).
Examines why Wonder Woman is important in the grand scheme of the DC Super Heroes and how she helped define a new generation of empowered women, who realized that their gifts of intellect and strength were as powerful as those from men.
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
Interactive motion comic adaptation of an episode from Aquaman 1968 animated TV series. The show's villains have united and captured all of Aquaman's sea friends. Can he stop their plan to finally take over the oceans and then the land?
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
Bug-lover Greg has an accident involving meteor rocks and his own insect collection, giving him creepy insect characteristics and powers. Lana is endangered when Greg decides that she is the perfect mate to start a colony.
Commissioner Barbara Gordon is determined to protect her DA husband from an elite assassin, and definitely does not want Batman, and especially Bruce Wayne's, help.
When Ace spots the man who abused him into becoming a sport fighting dog, he chases him and gets lost from his guardians.
Batman must battle a gang of cyborgs made possible by blackmailing a bionics specialist.
To support his family, a desperately unemployed advanced weapons engineer must steal vital materials for an illegal arms deal and elude Batman to do it.
As Derek Powers' medical condition as Blight worsens, he calls his estranged son home for help. However, an enemy hidden in plain sight has other plans for him that eventually involve Batman as well.
In order to have his revenge, Shriek makes the speech of the population of Gotham City incomprehensible and demands Batman surrendered to him to stop the chaos.
Escaped from prison, Big Time attempts to recruit Terry as his partner in crime.
An old reprobate childhood friend of Terry returns with a half-baked plan to become a big-time criminal.
A dangerous shapeshifter in the employ of Derek Powers is out to sabotage a competing company and Batman must stand in her way.
Batman finds himself the quarry of an augmented hunter seeking the ultimate challenge.
When Zeta and Ro come to Gotham City, the android finds himself separated and manipulated by Mad Stan into one of his terrorist bombing schemes.
Terry falls for a new girl, unaware that she is actually the supervillain Ten of the Royal Flush Gang.
An enamored warder of the imprisoned Inque frees her and helps her in her quests for healing and revenge.
Jackie; a friend of Terry is being followed by a monster that seems made of soil and her "father" is not really her father.
When Commissioner Barbara Gordon sees Batman committing murder, she initiates an all-out manhunt for him while Bruce Wayne investigates what really happened.
Batman is blackmailed by a bomb threat to protect a member of the Society of Assassins from Curaré.
A bullied nerd uses his newfound mental control of a giant construction robot to seek revenge.
A trio of new superheroes make their debut, but they have dark secrets that lead to a disastrous crisis Batman must stop.
A girl genius finds herself unaccountably harassed by Jokerz at school and she begins to suspect Terry is responsible.
Batman investigates a ring of troubled kids who are so addicted to powerful virtual reality fantasies that they will do anything to continue them.
Seriously wounded in a doublecross, Inque approaches her estranged daughter for help.
When a prototype military vehicle with a disastrous flaw is abandoned and seized by Jokerz, Batman and the vehicle's creator must hunt it down before it explodes.
Reduced to doing Paxton Power's dirty work, The Royal Flush Gang begins to fall apart while Batman has to clean up the mess.
Ardent players of an in-depth virtual reality role-playing game are recruited by the supposed creator of the game for his own purposes.
When a digitized consciousness of a deceased computer genius is revived, it starts causing havoc throughout the city before it decides to take over the systems of Terry's batsuit next.
For his own reasons, Derek Powers arranges for Mr. Freeze to have a new organic body, but things don't go according to plan.
A young girl with telepathic powers calls to Batman for help.
Batman finds Ten determined to rob a rich underground poker game supposedly to save her family and he struggles to decide whether to trust her.
Talia arrives in Gotham claiming she has mastered the Lazarus Pit and offers to use it to restore Bruce's youth without any side affects. But all is not as it seems.
Batman investigates a mysterious vigilante who is somehow linked to a teens' counseling center and wants to attack people who torment them.
Batman and Stalker must work together to stop the Kobra cult from unleashing a fearsome bioweapon on the populous.
Terry and Dana's relationship is strained when Terry's Batman duties get in the way of their relationship. Receiving a flower, Dana believes it's from Terry but comes to realize it's from ...                
Fifty years into the future, a young Terry McGinnis meets the aged and reclusive Bruce Wayne even as the boy's father discovers a foul secret of his corrupt employer that leads to his death.
Determined to bring his father's murderers to justice, Terry finally impulsively resorts to using Wayne's last Batsuit to investigate as the new Batman.
McGinnis' high school seems to be haunted by a poltergeist.
An inventor of a sound-based weapon plots against Bruce Wayne.
An arrogantly intrusive reporter with a special ability to become intangible discovers Terry and Bruce's big secret.
A genetically enhanced gorilla enlists Batman's help to hunt his kidnappers.
A new supervillain is manipulating victims to commit crimes for him using extremely lifelike illusions.
Splicing genetics into humans is the new thing among the kids at Terry's school. The city wants to make it illegal due to overly aggressive behavior in the subjects. Batman is suspicious.
A status-seeking nerd illegally buys a robot girlfriend, only to have it become dangerously jealous.
Superman comes for a visit to offer Terry membership in the Justice League. Superman needs Batman's help to find a traitor in the League.
The identity of the traitor is revealed, which set the stage for a confrontation.
Terry goes for advanced martial arts training at a special dojo, but there is far more to one of his fellow students than he realizes.
After being seriously injured trying to stop Zander of the Kobra cult from kidnapping Max as his bride, Terry is still determined to stop him and his ultimate scheme.
Terry has a school project where he must constantly care for a baby simulator, even when he's out in the field as Batman.
Terry investigates a troubled child reform camp that is more like a prison.
While Terry investigates the source of illegal performance-enhancing stimulants based on Bane's venom, his mother suspects he is using them himself.
Terry explains to Max why he needs a secret identity by telling the story of the trouble caused when he revealed it to a small boy who is then kidnapped by Kobra to interrogate him.
Batman hunts for a mysterious criminal with a personal repulsion field and one of the occupants of a medical research lab may be that person.
When Terry goes missing, Wayne and Max go searching for him.
Batman meets a good-hearted artificially intelligent robot assassin on the run from his creators.
Det. Bullock reluctantly asks for Batman's assistance when he is convinced someone is trying to kill him.
In a bar, a collection of Batman's enemies chat about their failed attempts to kill him.
On Batman's annual intensive patrol of the street where his parents were murdered, Roland Dagget plots to devastate it.
Batman travels to Egypt and joins with Talia to hunt down Ra's al Ghul who is searching for an ancient source of ultimate power.
A washed-up actress with a bizarre condition that makes her look permanently like a child seeks revenge against her canceled show's cast and crew.
Rupert Thorne hires steroid-enhanced mercenary Bane to eliminate Batman.
Batgirl, Catwoman and Robin team up to investigate the theft of a valuable cat statuette.
The Joker infiltrates the birthday party of Mayor Hill's son to plant a bomb.
A series of bombings reminiscent of a long lost TV series occur and the washed up star of it may be connected.
It's love for the Penguin when socialite Veronica Vreeland hooks up with him, but it's only an attempt to raise her social status.
Although temporarily blinded, Batman is still determined to stop The Penguin who is threatening the city with a prototype attack helicopter.
While Catwoman searches for her missing cat, she uncovers a plot to infect Gotham City that Batman must help stop.
Catwoman is trying to go straight, but is recruited by The Ventriloquist as a jewel thief.
On Christmas Eve, Joker broadcasts a pirate Christmas special on television. Batman and Robin have until midnight to fight their way past Joker's traps hidden all over town and rescue ...                
Batman visits one of his teachers to help fight Kyodai Ken who has learned the secret of a death touch attack.
An elderly amusement park owner breaks Mr. Freeze out of jail, hoping to be "frozen" like him in order to achieve immortality.
While affected by the Scarecrow's fear toxin, Batman finds himself an inmate of Arkham Asylum.
A health resort, reputed to able to restore one's youth, has a horrific price Batman must cancel.
While investigating a mysterious series of athlete panic attacks during games, Robin is exposed to the fear toxin of the culprit, The Scarecrow.
A disfigured actor is forced to frame Bruce Wayne.
Forcibly overdosed on a shapechanging substance, Matt Hagan has become the shapeshifting monster, Clayface, and now wants revenge on Roland Dagget.
An energy weapon developed by the Army has disappeared, and Batman discovers that a mad shipping magnate who now fancies himself the god Zeus will use it to devastate Gotham.
When Joker steals a nuclear weapon, Batman arranges for Harley Quinn's release from Arkham, so she can help him track the Joker down.
Harley Quinn teams up with Poison Ivy and both become the Queens of Crime, after the Joker and Batman find out.
On her first day of release, Harley Quinn gets into a ridiculous amount of trouble in record time.
Batman must stop a vengeful Mr. Freeze from fulfilling his vendetta against a callous businessman.
A hyper-sophisticated robot steals computer technology from Wayne Enterprises, leading Batman to a sentient supercomputer, H.A.R.D.A.C., and its plan to replace humans with androids.
Batman tracks a series of robots to Cybertron's headquarters, with some assistance from Barbara Gordon.
H.A.R.D.A.C.'s robot replica of Bruce Wayne wanders around, believing itself to be the real Batman.
Poison Ivy, after being released from Arkham, has apparently settled for a normal life, married to her psychiatrist and doting on his two children. Batman and Robin are suspicious, however,...                
Batman has serious doubts about his calling when Commissioner Gordon is seriously wounded.
While trying to thwart Penguin's robbery of a rare Faberge egg, Batman is weakened by exposure to a toxic gas. He takes shelter in a basement apartment belonging to a teen-aged amateur detective.
A fired puzzle designer seeks revenge against his greedy former employer as The Riddler.
Batman intervenes in a gang war and tries to convince the older of two rival bosses to change his ways.
An ordinary man finds himself forced to assist The Joker in one of his crimes.
Disgraced fanatical warder of Arkham Asylum sets himself as a vigilante jailer.
When a jealous scientist with a passion for Alice in Wonderland uses his mind control devices to have his dream girl for his own, Batman must intervene.
Batman and Robin investigate why various comedians are suddenly committing crimes with comically bizarre motifs.
Batman investigates sightings of an apparent werewolf.
Clayface resurfaces with his body's cellular integrity decaying.
A former fellow student of one of Wayne's old sensei's begins stalking the billionaire in revenge as a ninja.
Batman faces off against the Scarecrow whose fear gas makes the superhero afraid of disgracing the Wayne name.
Batman teams up with the mysterious Talia to retrieve a prototype weapon from the supervillain, Count Vertigo.
Batman finds himself tangling with a Jekyll-and-Hyde bat creature after it attacks a night watchman and the police wage a war on the Dark Knight.
The day after a police sting to catch a drug lord goes disastrously wrong, the events of the night before are reconstructed by the accounts of three police officers: Harvey Bullock, Renee Montoya, and a rookie.
After losing his medical license, Dr. Matthew Thorne, younger brother of crime boss Rupert Thorne and a former colleague of Thomas Wayne and Leslie Tompkins, is forced to peddle his ...                
After being knocked out in a mysterious warehouse, Batman wakes up in a world where his parents are alive, he is engaged to Selina Kyle, and someone else is Batman.
When Harvey Dent is poisoned with derivative from an extinct flower, Batman must hunt down the assailant, the plant fanatic Poison Ivy, who happens to be Harvey's fiancee.
A con man convinces a large group of Gotham's richest men that he can see into the future by arranging a series of near-fatal accidents.
Batman must stop an insane ventriloquist whose alternate criminal personality dominates him through his gangster dummy.
The Riddler has apparently gone straight, but Batman is not so sure.
After learning the name of an extortion ringleader, Batman mysteriously refuses to let Robin continue the investigation with him.
Batman orders Robin to stay at home while he goes to catch Tony Zucco, but Robin goes out anyway.
Before undergoing surgery meant to remove both his disfigurement and his alternate personality, Two-Face/Harvey Dent is kidnapped by persons unknown.
A small-time crook has stolen an invisibility suit, which he has been using to steal jewels, and now plans to steal his young daughter from his ex-wife.
Commissioner James Gordon is arrested for corruption, forcing his daughter, Barbara Gordon, to take a dramatic step to help him.
Barbara Gordon, now Batgirl, joins Batman and Robin's investigation of Commissioner Gordon's framing.
While the Dynamic Duo race to stop Ra's Al Ghul from performing a kidnapping, the wild west story of how he was once opposed by the disfigured bounty hunter, Jonah Hex, is told.
Killer Croc escapes a prison train and finds refuge with a group of former circus freaks living in the mountains, who take pity on him.
The Man-Bat appears to be on the loose again, but it isn't clear if Dr. Kirk Langstrom is involved.
A master designer of deathtraps is hired to take Batman's cowl and cape.
Catwoman and Batman join forces in an attempt to foil the evil forces of a terrorist by the name of Red Claw.
Batman and Catwoman must work together to stop Red Claw from releasing a viral plague outside Gotham.
A ruined efficiency expert with an uncanny sense of timing and schedules plots his revenge against Mayor Hill.
Robin is kidnapped, and Batman unexpectedly joins forces with Ra's Al Ghul, whose daughter Talia has also been taken.
Batman must stop R'as Al Ghul's plot to destroy the earth.
While in disguise investigating the disappearance of homeless people, Batman is attacked and abducted to a slave camp with his memory lost.
When the Joker learns that a casino owner is using his likeness for the theme of his business, he escapes Arkham Asylum to destroy it while unaware of the owner's real motives.
The Joker's plot to send all of Gotham into insanity with Joker-gas from a garbage scow leads to a battle on the water.
The Joker starts threatening the patent office staff when they refuse to patent his disfigured fish.
Red Claw kidnaps an old colleague of Alfred's from the British Secret Service, to gain access to a hidden missile silo.
A small time crook tells his story of how he accidentally seemed to kill Batman, and how now everyone wants to kill him next.
The Penguin finds the mechanic who designs Batman's Batmobiles and forces him to turn the current model into a deathtrap.
A sinister doctor uses his mind reading machine to learn Batman's secret identity and attempts to auction it.
Three rich youths who commit armed robbery for fun are pursued by Batman as their irresponsible hobby escalates into potentially worse deeds.
Batman discovers a subterranean colony of children in the sewer system dominated by the insane Sewer King.
The Mad Hatter plants mind-control devices inside miniature native dolls distributed to high-society Gothamites by Veronica Vreeland.
Batman and Robin battle the Clock King who has a prototype device that allows him to operate at an extremely accelerated time rate apart from the rest of his reality.
A district attorney who loathes Batman is forced to defend him in a twisted parody of a trial run by the inmates of Arkham Asylum who have seized control and taken them both prisoner.
On the election trail, Harvey Dent gradually loses control of his repressed evil alternate personality until gangster Rupert Thorne inadvertently unleashes it.
Two-Face begins robbing Rupert Thorne's business in revenge while both the gangster and Batman hunt the dichotomous supervillain for their own reasons.
Selina Kyle is captured by a mad scientist and transformed into a humanoid cat creature.
A convict turned witness disappears and Harvey Bullock, who arrested him, is suspected in the incident.
When the Riddler traps Commissioner Gordon's consciousness in a virtual reality device, Batman must enter the villain's construct to save him.
A stage magician - and former friend of Bruce Wayne - is framed for grand larceny.
After a physical trauma causes him to forget he's The Batman, Bruce Wayne finds himself kidnapped by Penguin. Batgirl rescues the "helpless" amnesiac billionaire but is captured herself.
While The Batman faces off against Temblor, a villain possessing seismic powers, we meet Commissioner Gordon's teenage daughter, Barbara. Already worried his daughter lacks focus, Gordon ...                
After a chemical accident transforms her into a half-human half-plant being, Pam Isley takes the name Poison Ivy and sets out to destroy Gotham's environmental polluters.
While Bruce Wayne is busy being the subject of a "Day in the Life" segment of a television magazine show, Penguin pulls his latest heist--at Bruce's mansion! Alfred is taken hostage, and ...                
After getting his hands on Bane's steroid apparatus, Joker uses it to bulk up to monstrous proportions. As Joker toys with the city with his superhuman strength, The Batman and Batgirl must find a way to defeat this unstoppable force.
"Ozzy" Cobblepot, aka Penguin, has delusions of rebuilding the lost Cobblepot fortune, via high-flying robberies employing various trained birds. Unaware of Cobblepot's criminal plans, ...                
Batman is pitted against a new villain named Clayface, who can transform his body as if it were clay and impersonate anyone he chooses! Before The Batman can stop him, he will learn Clayface's shocking dark secret! Part 2 of 2
Firefly and Mr. Freeze make an unlikely pair as they join forces to plunge Gotham into a permanent winter. With the entire police force "iced over," The Batman is the city's only hope for survival.
Professor Hugo Strange, head of Arkham Asylum, replaces Arnold Wesker's villainous ventriloquist puppet, Scarface, with a "benign" puppet named Mr. Snoots. With the positive Mr. Snoots on ...                
When her father, along with other high-ranking Gotham officials, begins to embrace environmental causes after the delivery of mysterious plants, Barbara discovers that they've been replaced...                
Legend says that swamp giant Solomon Grundy will return to Gotham City on a Halloween with a lunar eclipse. Supposedly, Grundy will return to get revenge on the descendants of Gotham's ...                
Joker pirates the airwaves of Gotham in order to broadcast his crimes on TV as entertainment. When Detective Yin's overzealous new partner tries to bring down the clown prince of crime, he merely becomes Joker's latest "costar."
Despite intensive rehabilitation, Ethan Bennett once again takes the form of Clayface in order to seek revenge against Joker, the man who turned him into that monster.
Joker, Penguin and Riddler battle over control of the City. They finally decide to settle their differences by giving all of Gotham over to whoever is able to capture and discover the true identity of the Batman.
Penguin discovers a sonic device that allows him to turn Man-Bat into his personal slave. Meanwhile, Alfred must deal with a raccoon that has found its way into the Bat-Cave and is wreaking havoc on the electrical equipment.
A series of bizarre and dramatic kidnappings lead Batman into the den of the Cluemaster, a washed-up and demented ex-game show champion.
Gearhead, a part-cyborg adrenaline junkie, rides into Gotham in a souped-up racer. With the ability to take control of cars with his nano-technology, Gearhead is out to commit a series of crimes for thrills.
The Batman finds himself caught in the middle of a game of one upmanship between master thieves Ragdoll, a triple-jointed contortionist, and Catwoman. Meanwhile, Selina Kyle, Catwoman's ...                
Fearing that Riddler will make good on his threat to destroy the city, The Batman and Detective Yin's secret alliance is put at risk when they must work together to solve a string of riddles that have been scattered throughout Gotham.
Joker takes Detective Yin hostage; he is captured he refuses to reveal her location. Batman must use a device created by Professor Hugo Strange to enter the Joker's mind in search of an answer.
Killer Croc, a half-man, half-reptile, plans to submerge all of Gotham under water to carry out his scheme of plundering the city.
The Joker is making trouble in Gotham City. First, Joker manages to sneak into the notorious Arkham Asylum. Then, the super-villain releases all the patients from one wing of the facility. ...                
The Batman is on the trail of Mr. Freeze, a villain who uses his ice technology as a means of stealing the objects of his passion: the rarest, most valuable diamonds.
Arnold Wesker is a ventriloquist who controls Scarface, a very bossy puppet with a dominant personality. Together, Wesker and Scarface knock over banks. Wesker wants to retire and live on a...                
A supervillain who calls himself "Firefly" is burning property around Gotham City. Meanwhile, Bruce Wayne has his own problems. Wayne Enterprises is about to lose out on a major contract on...                
Spellbinder, a three-eyed mystic with the ability to induce both hypnosis and visions, sets his sights on stealing the valuable Eye of Sarkana--mesmerizing Alfred to be his personal thief.
Selina Kyle (Catwoman) attempts to steal a valuable cat statue. Unbenownst to her, the object belongs to Katsu, a Japanese gangster. She fails, and Batman begins to track her. During a ...                
Penguin and Catwoman join forces to steal a pair of valuable gems. But when The Batman arrives to stop them, Catwoman is double-crossed by Penguin, who handcuffs her to the Dark Knight.
Joker dons the costume of his greatest rival, The Batman, and terrorizes all of Gotham. When the real Batman tries to stop him, Joker injects the Dark Knight with a poison that will cause ...                
When a pair of leopards is stolen by Joker, The Batman and Batgirl form an uneasy alliance with Catwoman who is determined to save the rare animals from being hunted.
Batman instantly blamed for the numerous attacks involving a bat-like creature occurring throughout Gotham City. With the police hot on his tail Bruce must subdue the real perpetrator. A ...                
Joker wreaks havoc on all of Gotham with a new gizmo that can morph any object into rubber or putty. Meanwhile, the Chief of Police pressures his detectives to take down The Batman once and for all. Part 1 of 2.
The Joker kidnaps a judge, towing him away encased in a giant playing card while the police watch. According to Arkham Asylum's records, Joker has been locked him his room all night. Batman...                
Several crime lords band together and hire an elusive solider of fortune named Bane to take out the Batman. At first glance Bruce doesn't see Bane as a major threat. But this doesn't last ...                
The animals from Nightwing's old circus are now inexplicably committing crimes.
The Joker throws a reporter into a vat of chemicals and turns him into the manically wacky superhero, The Creeper.
Bruce Wayne falls for and marries the perfect woman who has a dark secret.
Batman and Batgirl hunt Mr. Freeze who is on a destructively nihilistic campaign.
A ruined agricultural breeder of dangerously oversized livestock plots his revenge on Gotham City.
Catwoman is pursued by a fanatical cat themed cult.
Arnold Wesker, The Ventriloquist, is released from Arkham Asylum, deemed a healthy man - only to discover that his alternate personality Scarface may still be struggling to return.
When Livewire escapes in Gotham City, Supergirl and Batgirl team up to find her, but the supervillainess has joined with Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy herself.
Robin tries to help a mysterious lost little girl against the equally unknown man pursuing her.
The heroes and villains of Gotham City have various adventures during the Christmas holiday season.
A destitute Joker unaccountably inherits a fortune from a hated rival, only to find out the hard way why.
Batman investigates the sudden appearance of "The Judge," a faceless vigilante who battles Gotham City's supervillains with lethal force.
Several children give their widely varying opinions of who they think Batman is.
Seeing a kindred spirit, Baby-Doll springs Croc from custody to be her lover and partner in crime.
Harley Quinn tries to impress her love while the origin of her career as The Joker's sidekick is revealed.
Batman and Batgirl oppose Calender Girl, a mysterious woman who is attacking various youth oriented media events.
The Scarecrow threatens to unleash a powerful new toxin on Gotham City that removes all fear, leaving its victims unafraid of deadly danger. Complications arise when Batman is exposed to the gas.
Dick Grayson reveals to his successor the secret of the strained relationships with his mentor and Barbara Gordon.
Batman and his allies apparently have their secret identities exposed and are now are hunted by the police.
A young street kid finds himself hunted by Two-Face and the boy insists that he help Batman stop the villain.
Klarion the Witch Boy takes control of Etrigan the Demon and the Dynamic Duo must stop his destructive mischief.
Batman contends with Roxy Rocket, a stuntwoman-turned-criminal who gets a real thrill out of taking dangerous risks.
A rock singer is stalked by an obsessive pyrotechnician turned supervillain, Firefly.
Catwoman entices the estranged Nightwing to cooperate with her against a gangster over Batman's wishes.
At the laundry, Duck Dodgers accidentally gets Green Lantern Hal Jordan's outfit, including his power ring.
In an alternate reality, a version of the Justice League known as the Justice Lords discovers the League's world and plot to take it over.
With the Justice League out of the way, the Justice Lords begin to establish their own style of order.
The League joins with Etrigan the Demon to battle Morgan Le Fay's scheme of world conquest for her son.
The diabolical Le Fays finally obtain the Stone and plan to use it to revert England back to Medieval Times; Wonder Woman resists the advantage of Harv Hickman-just before he is turned into a parasite.
Green Lantern, Stargirl, S.T.R.I.P.E. and Supergirl are drawn to the subterranean world of Skartaris to assist the Warlord, Travis Morgan.
Members of the Justice League celebrate Christmas.
Most of the League battles with powerful alien nanotechnology but, realize that the waves of self-replicating robots cannot be simply destroyed. The diminutive Atom shrinks himself to stop the robots from the inside.
Deadman calls on Batman, Superman, and Wonder Woman to help him recover an orb containing the souls of a monastic order that was stolen by the Secret Society.
The Justice League charter members must battle the combined Lex Luthor/Brainiac menace alone.
Seeking to avenge the death of her parents, the Huntress enlists the help of the Question in tracking down Steven Mandragora, a mobster in protective custody -- and being guarded by the Green Arrow and Black Canary.
Released by a soldier, an evil entity takes control of various people and threatens the world.
With the other members of the Justice League possessed by the entities, the Flash must find a way of stopping them from carrying out their plan to exterminate humanity.
In the future, Terry McGinnis learns the truth about his birth.
Supergirl, Green Arrow, and The Question investigate Supergirl's disturbing dreams. They discover that Cadmus created a clone of Supergirl named Galatea while she was recovering from her fight against Superman on Earth.
A day in the life of Wally West aka The Flash. The day includes West at his day job, as a Criminal Lab tech, the dedication of the Flash Museum, and the attacks of four villians.
Lex Luthor executes his masterstroke to eliminate Project Cadmus and frame the Justice League.
Batman and Wonder Woman find Superman immobilized in the Fortress of Solitude by a plant sent by the would-be conqueror Mongul.
The Justice League must battle a fanatical Amazon scheming to kill all the men in the world.
With the male heroes suffering from Aresia's bio-weapon, the female Justice Leaguers race to stop their foe before she can contaminate the entire planet.
Ares creates a war machine called the Annihilator to escalate a civil war in Kasnia. Hawk, Dove, and Wonder Woman try to stop his plans.
After learning of his mentor Katama's fall in battle, the Green Lantern travels to a world at the edge of the galaxy to investigate.
Joined by Hawkgirl, Martian Manhunter, and the Flash, the Green Lantern and Katma face the fanatic cult leader Despero in an effort to stop his plans to conquer the galaxy.
During a battle with the Revenge Squad, Superman apparently falls in battle.
Superman has been transported into the distant future. With no powers, he must find a way to get back to the present, he finds an unexpected ally in Vandal Savage, the Earth's lone human ...                
Shayera, Vixen and Vigilante are lured into an ambush by Thanagarians seeking revenge.
The newly-escaped Lex Luthor is given a membership test for Gorilla Grodd's expanded Secret Society.
Green Lantern is brought up on charges of genocide and is forced to attend an intergalactic trial courtesy of the Manhunters.
Suspecting a railroad job, the League digs deeper into the charges against the Lantern. When the Guardians of the Universe arrive, the Manhunters' true motivation is revealed.
After unsuccessfully attempting to recruit the Green Arrow to join the expanded League, he plays an important role with a team sent to manage a crisis in Asia.
Arrested and terminally ill, Lex Luthor breaks out of prison to assemble a team of supervillains to help him destroy the Justice League.
His illness treated by Ultra-Humanite, Luthor pressures his cadre of super-villains to combat the League. While captured, Batman exploits the greed of the group to his advantage.
Morgaine Le Fey transforms Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, and Green Lantern into children after Mordred uses his magic to remove all adults from Earth and keep children on the Earth.
Several Leaguers are flung into another dimension populated with Green Lantern's childhood comic book heroes, the Justice Guild.
Still trapped in an alternate dimension, the Leaguers help the Justice Guild wage war against the Injustice Guild. But the secret behind this reality threatens to erase them all.
Diana makes friends with a flighty princess only to discover her fiancé is the immortal supervillain Vandal Savage.
The Justice League works to thwart Vandal Savage's plan to blackmail the nations of the world with an orbiting railgun.
Green Lantern's friend is transformed into a monstrous elemental shape-shifter by his jealous employer and is tricked into thinking Green Lantern is responsible.
A confused Mason/Metamorpho is finally convinced the League is there to help him. Together they race to head off the newly transformed Stagg before he kills Mason's fiancé-his own daughter.
The time traveling League team goes to the future to team up with that time's League to battle Chronos who rules.
While pursuing a time traveling thief, Batman, Wonder Woman and Green Lantern team up with a collection of DC Universe western heroes to battle the villain controlling him.
A man becomes a supervillain who attacks his victims in their dreams.
With the other members of the Justice League trapped in their worst nightmares, Batman and Martian Manhunter have to defeat Doctor Destiny and save them before it is too late.
While the senior Leaguers struggle to respond to the mysterious main gun firing, Amanda Waller orders Galatea to lead a full attack on the Justice League.
Wonder Woman returns to Paradise Island after her abrupt departure, only to find the Amazons turned to stone. Sorcerer Felix Faust demands three mystical artifacts as the ransom.
While helping Wonder Woman liberate her island, the League discovers Faust is attempting to free Hades and open a portal to Tartarus, a pit of souls.
The paranoid General Eiling turns himself into a superstrong brute to kill Superman and only seven non-powered soldiers of the JL can deny him victory.
The Question, fearing disaster, decides to kill Lex Luthor to avert it.
Batman and Superman team up to deal with an alien invasion, and a telepathic message leads the duo to a military base housing future ally J'onn J'onzz.
With the nation's warheads disarmed by Superman after a peace initiative, the heroes rally to stop nocturnal alien invaders from blocking out the sun.
The heroes are captured by the aliens just as their leader, the Imperium, arrives. After vanquishing the invasion, they decide to officially join forces as the Justice League.
While the Justice League is experiencing serious internal friction, Gorilla Grodd carefully assembles a well organized supervillain team to attack it.
With the Justice League disbanded, its former members are targeted by the super-villains of the Secret Society.
Shayera is approached by an archaeologist who is convinced that he is the reincarnated husband of a previous incarnation of her.
Hawkgirl's people, the Thanagarians, arrive to offer the planet protection from another alien race threatening to invade Earth.
With Earth now under Thanagarian control, the Justice League goes into hiding to recover and cope with the betrayal of one of their own.
The Justice League launch an assault on the Thanagarians before the activation of a hyperspace gate that will destroy Earth.
Lex Luthor finds an extremely advanced android that can imitate superpowers and manipulates it to attack the Justice League.
Android Amazo has absorbed most of the League's powers, but begins to question Luthor's true motivations. Meanwhile, Batman reveals he has a contingency plan for Superman going AWOL: Kryptonite.
Cadmus has recruited a team of supervillains named Task Force X (based on the comics' Suicide Squad) made up of Deadshot, Plastique, Captain Boomerang, and the Clock King. Their mission: steal the Annihilator armor from the Watchtower.
To help her magic superhero friends, the God Hermes sends Wonder Woman on a mission to help free Hades from the clutches of Felix Faust.
Gorilla Grodd uses a mind-control device to obtain isotopes that will help destroy Gorilla City. To that end, he enlists Flash to oppose the Green Lantern.
Central City is under the rule of Grodd, who plans on attacking Gorilla City with missiles. As Flash confronts the maniacal ape the team races to stop the destruction.
Black Canary convinces Green Arrow to help save her mentor, Wildcat, from his involvement in an underground, super-powered fight club known as MetaBrawl.
Captain Marvel joins the Justice League and his innocent presence inadvertently causes friction with Superman.
Superman battles Doomsday in the heart of a volcano. Doomsday is revealed to be a modified clone of Superman. Batman probes the Cadmus conspiracy to destroy the Justice League.
The team encounters an agitated Aquaman while trying to rescue a submarine crew. His opinion of surface dwellers doesn't improve after an attempted assassination by Deadshot.
The team is captured after helping Aquaman stop an underwater coup by his half-brother, Orm. Struggling to free himself and his son from death, Aquaman sacrifices his own hand.
Lex Luthor and the Flash accidentally switch bodies.
The Justice League battle Mordru in the background, while the narrative follows Booster Gold as he attempts to close a walking black hole while he's supposed to be on "crowd control".
After blasting through the entire Green Lantern Corps, the android Amazo returns to Earth. Only the Justice League stands between him and his goal -- the now-reformed Lex Luthor.
The Justice League go back in time to World War II to prevent the immortal Vandal Savage from using future technology to change history.
Mired in World War II, the Leaguers discover that Vandal Savage has usurped Hitler and is getting technology from his future self, setting the stage for his eventual rule.
With the help of Sgt. Rock, the League races to stop Savage's plans to invade the U.S. with warplanes and forever alter the course of world history.
Solomon Grundy attacks a harbor. After the military has him contained, Aquaman arrives and steals Grundy. When the League finds out Aquaman is involved, they head to Dr. Fate to get some answers.
Fate and Aquaman wanted to sacrifice Grundy to prevent the return of a mystic being. The being has arrived; Aquaman leaves to protect Atlantis. Hawkgirl finds out the being had visited her homeworld long ago.
Mister Miracle and Big Barda solicit Justice League assistance to free Oberon from Apokolips. J'onn refuses, but Flash decides to help out on his own.
When Circe changes Wonder Woman into a pig, Batman and Zatanna must find her and change her back.
Wonder Woman finds herself fighting a team from the Secret Society determined to steal the frozen body of the Viking Prince.
Darkseid convinces the League to help him fight Brainiac from destroying his planet of Apokolips.
Trapped in Brainiac's headquarters, a temperamental Superman discovers that the metal monstrosity has made a deal with Darkseid, whose own son Orion engages him in battle.
A team of too-good-to-be-true superheroes find out the truth about their origins and go on the rampage.
A trio of high school kids accidentally resurrect Solomon Grundy, reviving him more powerful than ever but with no memories of his past. Dr. Fate, Amazo, Aquaman, and Shayera assist League regulars stopping his rampage.
While handling an asteroid in space, Superman and J'onn J'onzz are captured and banished to Warworld, a planet where combatants are forced to duel to the death.
Fight promoter and new contestant Mongul instructs Superman to throw the fight against him, or he'll destroy the enslaved Draaga's home planet.
The Joker creates havoc in Las Vegas with his Royal Flush Gang.
The Joker's real plan becomes apparent when he unleashes Ace upon the Justice League.
Lana sees the impossible: a friend named Emily Eve Dinsmore, who died six years earlier in a fatal accident at age 10, and still appears that age. Clark Kent believes Lana and searches for ...                
In the middle of the night on the road, a young pregnant woman is going into labor while the father of her child drives, when she suddenly glows and implodes, while the guy stops the car ...                
Clark meets Arthur "AC" Curry, a young man with extraordinary powers underwater. AC is in Smallville hoping to sabotage a Luthorcorp experiment that is threatening sea life. While in Smallville, AC forms an attraction to Lois.
Lex is committed to the Belle Reve Sanitarium for the criminally insane by Lionel who forces the shrink, Dr. Claire Foster, to submit Lex to an experimental electroshock therapy technique ...                
Kevin Grady commits thefts and uses his superpower to delete the incident from witnesses' minds. When he does so with Clark who stopped him after robbing The Talon, much more memory gets ...                
Lex gets wrapped up in a sex/murder scandal. Clark gets Lionel's help to get Lex out of trouble. Lana meets Jason's mother, whom she has seen before in a dream, which was set in the 1600s.
As Clark and Lana get more romantically close to each other, the comatose Dr. Fredrick Walden recovers and repeats the sentence "the day is coming, and he will rule the world" many times. ...                
When Lana (possessed by Isobel) kills Genevieve Teague by stabbing her with one of the Kryptonian Knowledge Crystals after she attempts to steal it, it triggers a cosmic event that not only...                
Obnoxious athlete Sean Kelvin drowns in an icy, kryptonite-infested lake, and is resurrected with an intense need for body heat. He freezes his old girlfriend to death and sets his sights on Chloe.
At the Kent farm, Clark Kent is surprised in the middle of the night by a naked young woman claiming that she is Kara from Krypton, and asking him to go with her somewhere through the ...                
Overweight Jodi submits to a diet of meteor-infested vegetables from her father's greenhouse. They magically make her thin, but she has an intense craving for body fat. Anyone in her vicinity is in danger, including her date, Pete.
While working as a volunteer with Pete at Smallville Youth Center, Clark receives a distress phone call from Lana, who is shot by Adam. His further investigation shows that the call was ...                
Three months later. Lois Lane, the second cousin of Chloe Sullivan, arrives in Smallville trying to find the missing Clark Kent to help her to find Chloe's murderer. After being struck by a...                
After Justin Gaines romances Chloe, she learns that he has telekinesis ability. Clark angers Chloe by speculating that Justin is responsible for some mysterious accidents, to get revenge for his own hit-and-run injuries.
After being released from a prison in a laboratory of Luthorcorp's Cyntechnics by sympathetic scientist Dr. Hong, former Metropolis High football player Victor Stone is chased by armed ...                
After leaving an article full of denunciations about the "Summerholt Neurological Institute" with her former colleague of the Daily Planet, Max Taylor, Chloe is chased by Clark Kent who ...                
The Smallville High cheerleaders are using a kryptonite mixed love potion to seriously change the behavior of their victims.
Ian Randall is a mentally unbalanced, overachieving student desperate to succeed who gets a 'C' from his stern shop teacher John Frankle. Ian freaks out, duplicates himself and kills Mr. ...                
Along the dispute of an election of the president in Smallville High School, candidate Paul Chan is severely injured by a swarm of bees. Pete decides to promote Clark Kent as the ...                
When Dr. Steven Hamilton, physically sick from repeated exposure to meteor rock radiation, causing constant Parkinson-like twitches, becomes a liability to Lex Luthor, he terminates their ...                
Metropolis, three months later. Clark Kent (under the influence of the red kryptonite ring) has becomes a criminal, heisting banks, going to night-clubs, and living under the alias 'Kal'. ...                
As Clark has finally begun dating Lana, Helen Bryce cancels her wedding to Lex after being told to by Lionel. But later, Helen realizes that she loves Lex and they finally get married. ...                
While working in the night shift at the Daily Planet, Chloe receives a distressed phone call from a woman claiming that she is in danger. Chloe and Lois schedule a meeting with the woman, ...                
When Lana is attacked by her obsessed school pal Jake Pollan in the deserted swimming pool of Smallville High School, he is mortally shot by an unknown shooter. Meanwhile, Lex Luthor joins ...                
Without the approval of his father, Clark kicks off senior year by trying out for the Smallville High Football Team, who are now coached by Lana's new boyfriend, Jason Teague. Former ...                
While running for campaign to the senate, Jonathan hires Lois as his advisor. Meanwhile, his opponent Lex is visited by a group of fans leaded by the fanatic Samantha Drake, and the ...                
While hiding the spaceship key in the farm's storm cellar, Martha Kent breathes some unknown meteor-rock spores and immediately gets ill. She is sent to Smallville Medical Center under the ...                
On the last day of Smallville High before graduation, the emotionally disturbed and frustrated photographer of the Torch, Brendan Nash, feels rejected by the Universities and decides to ...                
The mystery surrounding Chloe's death deepens as Clark and Lois investigate, discovering that Lex Luthor and Lois' abrasive and militarist father, U.S. Army General Sam Lane, are somehow ...                
When the "hot" new Biology teacher Desiree Atkins (Krista Allen) arrives in Smallville, Clark Kent gets excited in her presence and his hormonal surge sets off a new ability: heat vision. ...                
Gabriel Duncan is a deranged teenager who breaks in the control room of a nuclear silo in Smallville, kills the two security guards, and starts the launch sequence to send one missile to ...                
When Coach Walt's football legacy is threatened by a cheating scandal, the coach entices Clark onto the team. Kryptonite in the coach's sauna infects him with the ability to generate fire, and his enemies start getting burned.
Lana befriends Harry, an elderly murderer living incognito in a nursing home. He falls into a kryptonite pond and regains his youth. Harry starts killing descendants of the jurors who convicted him, one of whom was Jonathan Kent's father.
Bob Rickman is an evil businessman with a supernatural power of persuasion, which he uses to buy the Kent farm despite Jonathan's repeated refusals. Clark recruits Rickman's reclusive former business partner to help undo the damage.
When Lex Luthor loses a $150 million contract to Luthor Corp, he finds that his mansion was bugged by his father. He hires a team to bug the offices of Luthor Corp expecting to find the ...                
A mysterious bookie with powers of manipulation has a strange, even dangerous, effect on Clark and his friends. Meanwhile, Lex causes friction by using his influence on Jason and Lana's relationship.
Earl Jenkins claims that his violent shaking disease was a result of illicit experiments on Level 3 of Luthorcorp. Lionel denies that it exists, so Earl takes a plant tour group hostage. Lex offers himself in exchange for the hostages.
Depressed from losing his scholarship, Whitney joins a gang of thieves. He gets a kryptonite-laced tattoo and gains the gang's power of phasing through walls. They rob Luthor mansion and seriously injure Chloe, who is interviewing Lex.
As if Lois Lane didn't make enough of a nuisance of herself now living at the Kent farm, she brings in Einstein, a golden retriever, who is the latest victim to be hit by her car, and she ...                
Clark and classmate Eric Summer are both struck by lightning while Eric is holding Kryptonite, and Clark's powers are transferred to Eric. While Clark experiences normal humanity, the emotionally challenged Eric goes on a rampage.
While on the roof of the barn, Jonathan is contacted though the octagonal key and Clark saves him from a fall. Clark goes to the Kawatche caves with the key trying to find an explanation ...                
On Christmas Eve, Lex travels to a dangerous neighborhood in Granville, Kansas, dealing dirty means to cut Jonathan Kent of the race to the senate. He is shot twice in cold-blood when a ...                
A woman appears in Smallville claiming that Clark is her biological son by Lionel Luthor, and she kidnaps Lex to force a confession from Lionel. Clark demands that his parents explain what role Lionel Luthor played in his adoption.
When Jason arrives at Lana's apartment at The Talon, they see that is was broken into and wrecked. They discover that the magical stone they took from the Chinese temple is gone. Lana ...                
Lex believes that he needs his memories back,but Clark can't take the risk of his secret being exposed.
After Clark lost his powers, he finds that he needs them the most to save his family.
After stealing an experimental flower laced with meteor-rock pollen from Dr. Steven Hamilton, the employee of the Luthor Corp, James Beales has a truck accident on the road and is rescued ...                
Lana Lang finds some poems from a secret admirer in the gravestone of her parents in the cemetery. Later, she meets the author, Byron Moore, a weird teenager kept locked by his parents in ...                
Lana develops a form of clairvoyance after being injured by an explosion, and she has visions of the activity of a local serial kidnapper and killer. When Chloe is kidnapped, Clark must rely on clues from Lana's visions to save her.
While in an elevator at Luthor Corp with another girl during a class field trip, Clark is forced to use a few of his abilities when the cable of the elevator accidentally breaks and in the ...                
An experiment with heated (black) kryptonite at Luthorcorp causes an explosion which badly wounds Dr. Sinclair, the scientist in charge, and creates a molecular copy of Lex which has the ...                
When Lana is attacked in her apartment and Jason in his car by an invisible being, everyone believes that Alicia Baker was responsible, except Clark. However after a series of circumstances...                
Clark's future boss at the Daily Planet shows up; Perry White, but this time around he's a dirt bag reporter working for the tabloids.
Lex returns to Smalville and the Lex mansion, and invites Dr. Helen Bryce for a second honeymoon while trying to find out if it was her or his father who attempted to kill him. Meanwhile, ...                
Baby Clark (Kal-El) arrives on Earth. Teen Clark starts high school, saves Lex's life after a car accident, and finds out about his past and birth parents.
When Lana is assaulted by three drunken customers at The Talon, Clark defends her and ends up throwing the main antagonist onto the new Sheriff's car. The new uptight Smallville sheriff, ...                
Lex Luthor rescues his gambler, estranged, half-brother Lucas from a dangerous situation involving Chinese triad gangsters, and brings him to Smallville to help him in a commercial dispute ...                
Meteor fragments resurrect a young man with the ability to suck the life out of suffering people. He learns about Whitney's sick father and targets him for euthanasia.
Clark is wooed by the offer of a Football scholarship from Metropolis University but faces a dilemma over whether he should accept, knowing he has such an advantage on the field because of ...                
Clark gets his Smallville class ring, but these rings contain RED KRYPTONITE making him turn into DARK CLARK.
At Smallville High School, a swimmer mysteriously ages and dies after meeting his girlfriend Chrissy Parker. The new principal Reynolds arrives and comes into conflict with Clark Kent ...                
Clark has downloaded the memories of Jor-El to solve a case that is related to Lana Lang's relative.
When Jonathan goes to Smallville Medical Centre for a physical examination, his doctor diagnoses arterial blockage and recommends a triple bypass heart surgery procedure. Meanwhile, Vince ...                
Corrupt detective Sam Phelan learns about Clark's abilities, and he offers to keep quiet if Clark steals some internal police files. When Clark refuses, Phelan frames Jonathan for murder to extort Clark into stealing from Luther Corp.
Clark has some weird dreams with the cave and about flying. When he puts the octagonal key in a hole in the wall of the cave, he immediately learns how to decode the symbols. Then, while ...                
Clark meets a young man with a power of speed that exceeds his own, but the boy lacks responsibility for his actions. Also, Lex finds a manuscript that appears to be some sort of Kryptonian map.
During a rave party in the underground cave discovered by the Indian descendant Kyla Willowbrook, the student Travis has a reckless attitude climbing a lamp tower and dies. Soon after, Pete...                
Clark rescues mind-reading Ryan James from a research hospital that treats him like a lab rat. Ryan's guardian doctor sues to get Ryan back, and Clark learns that Ryan has a brain tumor that needs treatment.
The Kryoptonian metallic disc is returned to Clark following the death of Virgil Swann. Placing the disc in the cave reveals a message from the spirit of Jor-El instructing Clark to find ...                
After an explosion at a LuthorCorp lab, Smallville's citizens "relive" their worst nightmares.
While Lex continues to investigate the dark past of his father, he meets Morgan Edge with a new face after plastic surgery, and collects evidence to send Lionel Luthor to prison for the ...                
Lex and his girlfriend, Victoria, are attacked by an invisible entity. Suspicion falls upon the Palmer family, who are caretakers at Lex's mansion. Chloe believes that daughter Anna Palmer ...                
While practicing motocross with Pete, Clark Kent falls down through a hole in an underground cave and meets a young Native American woman named Kyla Willowbrook (Tamara Fieldman). Kyla is ...                
Clark Kent has a strangely realistic nightmare with him being romantically involved with Lana, Lex discovering his secret, and a girl called Sara Conroy being chased by a weird, red-robed ...                
While returning home with Lois, Martha is hit by a flash of light followed by a thunder and contracts a lethal Kryptonian disease. Clark fears that Jor-El thus makes him pay for his ...                
In 1604, in southern France, Lana Lang's distant ancestor Countess Margaret Isabel Thoreau and two other evil witches are condemned to be burned at the stake by Magistrate Wilkins, but ...                
It's the day before the Smallville High Senior Prom and would-be Prom Queen, Dawn Stiles, crashes her car down a cliff into a pile of meteor rocks. Her spirit separates from her body, but ...                
While visiting Lana in Metropolis, Clark opens a package addressed to Lana apparently sent by Lex Luthor and is wounded and infected by a splinter of silver kryptonite. This unusual piece ...                
Martha Kent injures mind-reading Ryan in an auto accident, and he fakes amnesia to get away from his criminal step-parents. His step-parents hatch an elaborate plan to steal him back and use his abilities to rob Lex Luthor.
Lionel Luthor is shot twice in the Luthor's mansion by an unknown assailant. When Jonathan Kent is found drunk, with a pistol in one hand and a bottle of tequila in the other hand sleeping ...                
Lex and Lionel engage in a struggle over closing down the fertilizer plant. Reporter Roger Nixon steals Clark's spacecraft and learns his secret. Whitney joins the Marines, and Clark takes ...                
Lana tells Clark that she is moving to the Metropolis University and she is accepted in the Tri Psi Sorority, a sisterhood with hot vampires led by Buffy Sanders, and Lana is transformed in...                
During a power blackout, Chloe sees the ghost of a girl and cuts her both wrists. Chloe is interned in the hospital, and the psychiatrist diagnoses that she had a breakdown due to stress. ...                
Lionel Luthor, using one of the Kryptonian stones, attempts to swap bodies with Lex but inadvertently transfers bodies with Clark, leading to him learning a few secrets, including that of Clark's powers.
Alicia Baker returns, and with the help of Red Kryptonite, elopes in Las Vegas with Clark. Lana offers a sexual relationship to Jason in an attempt to win him back. Lionel comes back to Lex with a peace offering.
While returning home after leaving Jonathan Kent in the hospital recovering from a heart attack, the truck of Martha and Clark is almost hit by two cars racing in the road. For the greatest...                
Clark Kent drops out the rest of the semester from Metropolis University to help Martha on the farm. He misses Jonathan and has not superseded the loss of his foster father. Martha offers ...                
Just as Clark and Lana are making progress and he finally sums up enough courage to ask Lana out on a date to a local festival, an old flame rekindles when Lana's former beau, Whitney ...                
When the weird and lonely teenager with healing power Cyrus Krupp claims to be an alien, Clark approaches to him trying to know his origins to determine if Cyrus is a Kryptonian alien, or ...                
Clark saves Lana from the tornado, leading Lana to be suspicious of Clark. While protecting Clark's secret, Jonathan gets trapped with reporter Roger Nixon in an underground mausoleum. Lex and Clark search for Jonathan.
While looking for a birthday gift for Martha at a local jewelry store, Clark intervenes when two thieves try to rob the place using the powerful scream of Nathan Dean (Micah Alberti), a ...                
When a van of Luthor Corp is hijacked by three criminals, Clark accidentally witnesses the robbery. He recognizes the leader of the gang, Eric Marsh, a baseball player of Smallville high ...                
Clark discovers that he has X-ray vision, but struggles to use it properly. Meanwhile, shape-shifter Tina Greer robs a bank impersonating Lex Luthor, and then decides that she wants to become Lana Lang - permanently.
As Lex helps Lana prepare for the re-opening of the Smallville theater, The Talon, as a coffee shop, a man from Lex's past, named Jude Royce, arrives in town and begins stalking Lex wanting...                
When Batman goes missing, Superman takes up the mantle of the Dark Knight to keep Gotham City's supervillains from running amok.
Edward Lytener returns as Luminus to seek revenge against Superman with a way to depower him enough to get it.
Lois Lane finds herself marked for death by an unknown stalker.
Control Freak attempts to get revenge on the Titans. Unfortunately the Titans are out of town and left Titans East in charge.
Raven is forced to babysit three super-powered infants while she takes them to a safe place from the Brotherhood of Evil. Unfortunately, Monsieur Mallah is in pursuit.
The Titans receive a distress call from Beast Boy's former team, the Doom Patrol.
Beast Boy joins the Doom Patrol in trying to stop the Brain's quantum generator.
While pursuing Dr. Light, the Titans stumble across a prehistoric jungle in the middle of the arctic. They make friends with a young girl named Kole and her friend Gnarrk.
To impress the Brotherhood of Evil, the HIVE FIVE attempt to deal with their new opponent, Kid Flash.
The Titans get a distress call from Russia. They encounter Red Star, a super powered outcast and a creature that thrives on radiation.
Terra is back but she doesn't seem to remember anything. Beast Boy becomes obsessed with helping her.
The Brain and his army have managed to capture or neutralize many Titans and their honorary members. Beast Boy leads the few remaining honorary members in a desperate attempt to free the captives and stop The Brain once and for all.
Madam Rouge tries to gain Hotspots trust in order to snag his Titans communicator.
Someone has stolen the Red X suit and is planning on powering it up. Can Robin stop his own creation?
Dr. Selig gets trapped in a freeze unit at a cryogenics lab and Zeta risks getting captured to help him.
Zeta and Ro must rescue Bucky when the NSA arrest him for being in league with Brother's Day.
Zee and Ro go to a museum where Dr. Selig is giving a lecture.
Zeta and Ro meet Wade Pennington. A rich teen who finds himself harassed by a biker gang.
Zeta and Ro are in Kansas where they meet two brothers who have invented a device to disperse tornadoes.
Ro and Zee stop by Hillburg, to visit her first foster family, hoping to find a lead to Ro's family.
Zee and Ro find one of Zeta's creators, Dr. Aroyu. They hope he can help them on their quest.
An associate of Dr. Selig's forces Zeta and Ro to steal parts for him.
Bucky needs Zeta and Ro's help to get his parent back from Dr. Tanner. Tanner has them working on a technological Fountain of Youth that's not quite perfected.
Events from Zeta's and Ro's pasts are revealed while they're running from Krick.
Ro is reunited with her long-lost brother, whose boss recognizes her as being in cahoots with Zeta.
Bennett is forced into an alliance with Zeta when his son and Ro are trapped in a submarine under an unstable coral reef.
Zee and Ro go to a place where Selig used to work searching for a lead. An awards show will be taking place, show casing new inventions. One person has invented a remote control and uses it on Zeta.
A boy is taken hostage by IU7, which needs parts to repair itself.
The Brain Trust kidnaps Ro to force her into helping them setting off radioactive waves that would bring out children's psychic powers.
Ro has an opportunity to appear on a talk show and reunite with her brother. But appearing on the show means that she can no longer travel with Zeta.
While waiting for a conference where Dr. Selig is supposed to attend, Zeta is attacked by an infiltration unit they encountered earlier. Batman believes Zeta has returned to his old programming and comes to deal with him.
Zeta is targeted by a bounty hunter. The bounty hunter captures Agent Lee and uses her as bait for Zeta.
Zeta, an infiltration unit, no longer wants to harm anyone. But the government won't let him go that easily. They want him back on his mission. Zeta encounters Ro, who tries to help him on his quest.
Zeta and Ro get involved in a plot by Brother's Day to destroy the lab where Zeta was created.
Zeta intercepts orders for an infiltration unit to eliminate an arms dealer. Bucky comes along with the desire to capture the latest generation infiltration unit.
Zeta and Ro hide out in a village that doesn't tolerate technology.
Zeta and Ro come to the aid of a disabled boy who is the prime suspect in a robbery.
Zee and Ro board a train to evade their pursuers. Agent West manages to board the train. West tries to identify the pair before the train reaches its destination where more government agents await the train's arrival.
Three hackers rescue Zeta and Ro from the NSA, but they're not who they seem to be.
Ro tries to rescue Zeta from the NSA before they erase his memories.
Simone, a gorgeous blonde, comes to Smallville hypnotizing Clark with a blue pendant ruining his relationship with Lana, as well as hypnotizing Martha and Lex.
Toymaker Cosmo Krank seeks revenge against Bruce Wayne after the billionaire successfully leads a campaign to remove his unsafe toys from store shelves.
Upset that Batman and his sidekick, Batgirl, are constantly ruining his plans the Joker decides that he needs a partner of his own. He soon discovers the right candidate in Donnie, a ...                
Roulette enlists the ladies of the JLU in her new & improved all-girl gladiatorial arena.
Hawkman returns with Shadow Thief and discovers the true nature of his relationship with Hawkgirl.
After losing the mayoral election, billionaire technologies' mogul Maximilian Zeus takes to the skies in an airship in order to rule over Gotham like a god. Employing the Batwing and ...                
When Lex Luthor sends the Secret Society headquarters into outer space to find the remains of Brainiac, Grodd breaks free of his prison to lead a mutiny.
The resurrected Darkseid leads his force on an all-out attack on Earth in revenge against Superman and the Justice League and Secret Society must join forces to stop him.
On her 21st birthday, Supergirl is transported to the 31st century along with Green Lantern and Green Arrow, to help the "Legion of Super-Heroes" combat "The Fatal Five". However, according to future sources, it is a mission from which she does not return.
The lonely Lana gets addicted in a meteor rock cocktail developed by her new acquaintance student of medicine, Lance, which allows the user to have a near-death experience and visit the ...                
Jonathan Kent appears to Clark on his birthday and instructs him that he needs to kill Lionel Luthor because Lionel knows his secret. Meanwhile, Lionel comes clean to Martha about his ...                
When the foster mother and chief of staff of Martha's, Naomi, is brutally murdered, her adopted daughter, Maddie stays with Martha and Clark. The girl becomes close to Clark and speaks for ...                
After "being prepared" by Fine, Lex is abducted in a field by a strange light. Meanwhile, Clark goes to the Fortress of Solidude where the spirit of Jor-el gives a dagger to Clark and ...                
The Dog Stars argue as to who should take over the ship when Brainy Barker becomes incapacitated. Snooky infiltrates Streaky's fan club in order to scheme against Supercat and Superdog.
Lionel Luthor is chased by a man with a mask and forced to play hangman to save his life when he traps Lionel in his limo in the path of a moving train. Later, he is abducted by the same ...                
Krypto tells the story about how he arrived on Earth and met Kevin. Krypto continues his story, explaining how he became known as Superdog.
The Digitally Advanced Villain Emulator, or D.A.V.E., is an artificially intelligent computer program made up of the combined psychological profiles of the most diabolical criminals committed to Arkham Asylum.
When Alfred joins Ewan Fripp, an "old school chum" and world renowned treasure hunter, on his latest adventure, the pair find themselves in a race with Penguin and Mr. Freeze to locate a ...                
When the circus comes to Gotham, ruthless crime boss Tony Zucco demands protection money from the Flying Graysons, a family of trapeze artists. They refuse to pay and Zucco exacts revenge, ...                
With Clark banished to the Phantom Zone, Metropolis is in shambles as the city riots, and Chloe & Lionel plot to rid Lex of General Zod...one way or another.
After countless humiliations at the hands of the Batman, Penguin realizes that while he may not be able to take down the Dark Knight alone an all-star team of Gotham's most dangerous ...                
Still trying to fix the aftermath of Black Thursday, Clark gets a little run down and begins to show symptoms of the common cold, including a sneeze that has some effects of its own. Meanwhile, someone kidnaps Lex.
One of the Phantom Zone escapees is up to no good in the local forest. Clark is jealous of Chloe's new boyfriend from the paper. Meanwhile, Lana and Lex finally sleep together and Lois falls in love with Oliver Queen, Martha's benefactor.
Twenty years from now, Gotham City is terrorized by a dangerous villain from its past. The city must discover how to defend itself from this threat without the Batman.
Shape-shifting villain Clayface turns himself in, promising to give up his criminal ways and hoping to earn a second life for his alter ego, Ethan Bennett. But when a new Clayface takes to ...                
The Batman discovers what role he played in the origin of the villainous Riddler. Can Batman save both himself and and his foe from certain death at the bottom of the ocean?
A new vigilante, one playing for keeps, comes to Gotham with his sights set on taking down the city's major villains permanently. Now Batman finds himself in the unusual position of having ...                
After a seemingly ordinary criminal continues to get the better of Batman and his partners it is discovered that he has the ability to travel back in time by several seconds. Batman is now ...                
Professor Hugo Strange unleashes a deadly toxin on all of Gotham, turning its entire population into zombie-like creatures. With the fate of the city in his hands, Batman must overcome ...                
The Batman meets his opposite number in the form of the Wrath and his partner Scorn. Includes appearances by Joker, Penguin, Scarface/Ventriloquist and Killer Croc.
The Batman teams up with fellow Justice Leaguer Hawkman to foil a plot hatched by their foes Black Mask and Shadow Thief.
Lionel kidnaps Clark and holds him in a kryptonite-lined cell at a Luthorcorp facility; Chloe and Lana confront Lionel, who blames Lex, and they then take Kara to the Fortress and plead ...                
When the most powerful members of the Justice League are abducted, Batman, Robin and Green Arrow must discover the mystery surrounding their disappearance.
When Brainiac ends up in a confrontation with Clark after trying to coerce Kara into joining him, he takes it out on Lana.
a Plot
Despite his father's warning, Lex still finds himself in a power struggle from within over the secret to The Traveler...with some deadly results.
All in one night, the Feds try to head off Chloe, who's hacking into top secret computers, convince Jimmy Olsen that she's a terrorist, and ground Lex, preventing him from flying anywhere.
When a member of the Veritas clan attacks in his name and carves Kryptonian symbols in the victim's chest, Clark stands by his principles in hurting no human being, even though the victim is Lex Luthor
Clark feels that Kara is under the effects of red kryptonite when he discovers that she is the reason for the plane containing the last member of the Veritas exploding. Lex is directed to ...                
Clark is shown by Jor-El what life on Earth would have been like, had he not sent him there instead of facing the doom of his fellow Kryptonians.
The Joining attempts a second invasion of Earth with a plan to steal the powers of the newly formed Justice League. Only the non-powered heroes Batman and Green [Arrow] stand between them and world conquest.
Clark's first day on the job at the Daily Planet begins with a bus exploding right outside the building, which leads him and Lois on a trail of someone who might be infected by kryptonite. ...                
Oliver Queen is poisoned at a charity fundraiser and Clark races around the world to find a cure.
Oliver gets a step closer to finding Lex, but Clark refuses to help for the time being, due to Chloe's special day, while Lois finds she has special feelings for Clark, who has a surprise (...                
The aftermath of Doomsday's attack on Chloe and Jimmy's wedding leaves Clark in shock, but before he can search for the kidnapped Chloe, an evil being, known as The Persuader, appears and ...                
Clark discovers John Jones was shot while working as a police officer, so Clark dons the uniform and goes undercover to find the culprit. Meanwhile, Lana confronts Tess and tells her Lex ...                
Clark and Chloe search for Lana, who has it in her head that things will be better between her and Clark if they were on "a more-even keel," and goes off on her own in search of a suit ...                
When Tess inadvertently activates the mysterious Kryptonian Knowledge crystal found in the Artic, it emits a high-band beacon which summons an alien queen, named Maxima, who arrives on ...                
After Jimmy and Chloe disappear from sight for a bit and it turns out it has been against their will, Lois and Clark pose as a couple to flush out the kidnapper.
A serial killer is on the loose in Metropolis, and Clark always seems to be one step behind him, while Chloe's paramedic friend seems to think he blacks out and performs the dirty deeds, himself.
Jimmy takes a photo of Clark using his super-speed while saving Lois from danger, but it comes out blurred. Tess decides the story should make the front page for the Daily Planet exposing ...                
Clark receives a crystal that sends him and a visiting Lois to the Phantom Zone where they run into Kara. Kara tries to open a portal for Lois before it's too late but Zod's wife, Faora, ...                
When Chloe begins having memory loss when the essence of Brainac begins replacing her memories with Kryptonian codes, Clark decides to use the Cryrstal of Knowledge to reconstruct the ...                
It's been four weeks since the Fortress collapsed and Clark disappeared. Green Arrow calls upon Black Canary and Aquaman to locate the missing Clark Kent. Clark, in the meantime, is ...                
While Andrea prepares to celebrate Hanukkah, Ignatius inadvertantly brings a huge, angry snowman to life. Krypto manages to defeat the angry snowmen just in time for everyone to celebrate Hanukkah.
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
Kevin and Andrea team up when they become super-powered like Krypto.Krypto and Kevin are transferred into a videogame that tests their game-playing skills and superpowers.
Bailey sneaks around trying to get a picture that will prove Krypto is Superdog.Pleeek miniaturize Superdog & Kevin so the now-tiny heroes can go inside Streaky to captures a dangerous germ.
When Andrea learns that Krypto and Streaky are really Superdog and Supercat, she joins them and Kevin in a battle against Mechanikat. Bat Hound has to team up with Stretch-O-Mutt when Merton the Magic Rabbit captures Krypto.
Isis gets her hands on the Pied Piper's flutes and takes control not only of Metropolis' rats, but of Krypto and Bat Hound too. Stretch-O-Mutt must come to the rescue when Mechanikat bathes...                
While at camp, Kevin uncovers a scheme to take over the world by a group of beavers. Streaky goes on a crusade to hunt down alien elephants that have stolen all the peanuts in Metropolis.
Streaky speaks before his fan club and tells a whopper of a tall tale about his superhero exploits. Drooly, a dog who desperately wants to join the Dog Stars, gets his chance when Snooky endangers the Dog Stars.
When Lois finds out her mother was a Holocaust survivor, Peter decides to adopt the Jewish faith.
Linda Lake comes back to Smallville and blackmails Clark to expose his true identity. However, Clark decides he will reveal his secret by himself. A fanatic teenager fakes a fall so Clark can save her.
There is an explosion at Luthorcorp when Oliver is about to announce he controls the interests of Luthorcorp. Oliver suspects Lex is behind the explosion but he realizes the bomb was made ...                
Reflecting on her status in life, Chloe finds that she's not all what she dreamed of becoming, so when a magician asks her to make a wish, little did she dream of it coming true...becoming Lois.
Tess devises a plan which will reveal Clark's true identity, while Davis comes up with a plan to ease the demon within him, but finds himself trying to scramble after Jimmy sees him kill someone.
When Krypto loses his powers because of red kryptonite, Bathound tries to equip him with bat gear. Krypto is stalked by a companion robot dog from Krypton who is programmed to be his best friend.
Kevin and Krypto have to spend a day in each other's bodies when red kryptonite causes their minds to switch. Krypto becomes Bathound's partner when they chase after Joker's hyenas.
Kevin learns what it's like to be a dog when aliens adopt him as their pet. When dogs all over the city start acting like other animals, Krypto investigates and discovers that Mechanikat is the cause.
A flea from Krypton besieges Krypto when it chews his hide. Krypto helps save a caterpillar after hungry Ignatius enlarges the bug with a growth ray.
Ignatius creates a formula to grow super hair. While Krypto is away, Bathound is forced to team up with Streaky to stop a fish-stealing operation.
Bathound assists the Dog Stars when Hot Dog goes missing. Krypto comes to Jimmy The Rat's aid when he disguises himself as a dog and becomes a member of the Downtown Dogs.
Bathound has a crisis in confidence when he pursues Catwoman's cat, Isis, who is able to use a bad luck charm against him. Krypto must come to the rescue of the Dog Stars when they are forced to perform in a space circus.
Streaky programs Dogbot to do super deeds so that Krypto can spend more time with Kevin. Kevin's bad boy cousin, Bailey, visits and discovers Krypto's secret.
Streaky tries to be a big-time superhero to impress his nephew, Squeaky. A movie star dog makes a pact with Snooky so that the actor can wear a super suit that gives him powers.
When Streaky accidentally gets the power of invisibility, it wreaks havoc on his life. The Dog Stars are given chew toys that make them annoy one another.
When Krypto gets amnesia, the Downtown Dogs trick him into thinking he's part of their group. Tail Terrier leaves the Dog Stars for the comfy life of a pet only to discover that it's not all that it's cracked up to be.
Red kryptonite causes Krypto's tail to detach and take on a life of its own. Krypto, Kevin and Streaky have to save Metropolis when Ignatius changes the weather, turning winter into summer.
When the Dogstars get sick, Stretch-O-Mutt assumes their identities to fool Mechanikat into thinking everything is normal so Mechanikat won't attack their ship. Snooky hits Krypto with a beam that makes the dog think he's a cat.
Snooky attacks Krypto with an aging machine and inadvertently ages Kevin into an adult. Bat Hound finds his life turned upside down when Thunder Mutt follows him around as research for his next role a dog detective.
Mechanikat turns himself into a giant robot to defeat Superdog. Krypto and Kevin must defeat an intergalatic prankster who has stolen a device that can stop time.
Ignatius creates chaos when he uses a duplicating machine to duplicate himself and ends up creating dozens of new Ignatiuses. Streaky takes his fan club to Bat Hound's Metropolis stronghold...                
Kevin learns a lesson about the importance of family when he and Krypto are magically transported to Storybook Land, where the characters resemble Kevin's relatives. Krypto and Kevin's trip to Storybook Land continues.
All signs point to the fact that Clark was not the only one that landed on Earth the day of the meteor shower in Smallville.
Chloe and Lois are attacked by two thugs which one of them is hit by Lois with her heel, she starts feeling a bit heroine about it so she recruits Jimmy for the picture so she can convince ...                
Davis asks Chloe if she can go away from the city with him, but when Clark realizes Davis is alive, he confronts Chloe to give him an explanation about it. Meanwhile, Oliver discovers that ...                
Chloe mysteriously returns to Smallville where she gives Clark the idea of killing Davis by telling him he can't keep the beast under control. Unknown to Clark, Tess has gotten together a ...                
Clark tells Oliver that he must kill Davis, but Clark deals with the fact that he can't take a human life. This leaves the justice league to take the affair on their own hands. Then, Rokk ...                
Bert Newton counts down the most glamorous and instantly recognisable supermodels from 20 to 1.
After being hit by a truck, John Corben becomes a human guinea pig when his heart is replaced by a machine powered by meteor rocks, which, in turn, gives him extraordinary strength, and he ...                
Clark decides that he is ready to start his training at the Fortress of Solitude to become 'Superman'. However, the spirit of Jor-El insists that he return to Metropolis to cut his ties ...                
Clark, unknowingly, exposes himself to Zod when a virus is released on Metropolis that turns its residents into zombies.
After an accident, Clark (Tom Welling) is able to read Lois' mind, then he asks her out. Meanwhile, a washed up Oliver finds himself in danger.
Batman has to deal with a broken nose while continuing his crime fighting activities.
The Joker's origins are explored in this flashback episode.
Alfred prepares for Bruce Wayne's birthday.
Batman and Commissioner Gordon track down a suspect in the Gotham City subway tunnels.
Batman is poisoned with a drug that makes him hallucinate, seeing people as monsters.
Batman has recurring nightmares.
Batman tries to solve the murder of a Jane Doe.
Harley Quinn tries to run from Batman.
Batman hunts the great master thief Roscoe Chiara.
Harvey Dent ("Two-Face") is caught in a web of deception when he meets his new bride's twin sister.
Superhero twins Zan and Jayna (aka: the Wonder Twins) show up in Metropolis to help 'The Blur' fight crime with their combined shape-changing abilities. But the clumsy and naive teenagers ...                
A mysterious woman forces Oliver to play in a dangerous game of Russian Roulette and then turns up dead. The police believe Oliver is responsible and arrest him, while Clark reluctantly ...                
A thug thinks he has killed the Caped Crusader, but when he starts to doubt himself he goes back to finish the job with surprising results.
When Batman makes a near fatal mistake he must call on a another to come to his aid.
Batman catches Catwoman stealing diamonds from a Nazi Spi in World War II-era Gotham.
Batman discovers the remains of a young child in the subway and investigates the crime.
A boy in World War II-era Gotham reflects on his heroes.
The janitor at Gotham's juvenile correctional facility recalls the chance meeting with Batman that set him on his path to redemption. / Even when nothing is left to chance, accidents can ...                
A woman seeks help for her recurring nightmares involving Batman.
The legend of Batman becomes a bedtime story for a young boy in a futuristic Gotham.
Batman discovers a mad scientist in Gotham and his horrible creations.
An elderly woman encounters an injured Batman and muses on the importance of memories.
Oliver tries to help a young street girl, Mia AKA Speedy, get out of her dangerous life by offering to train her, but Mia double crosses him. Lois asks Clark to help her land a job as an ...                
Jor-El mysteriously arrives at the Kent farm to hide the Book of Rao, but meets Chloe instead. She tells him that his son, Kal-El is on Earth and lives at the farm. Convinced the Blur is ...                
Tess kidnaps Lois to find out where Lois went after she disappeared for weeks. Lois's memory of the future depicts a Metropolis under Zod's rule and Clark powerless under the red sun, while...                
Samuel goes off and tries to bring Emma into the fold by manipulating her about how special her sight-of-sound powers are, while back at the Sullivan Brothers Carnival, Claire becomes more ...                
Claire attends Nathan's funeral while Peter struggles with his grief in his own way by wanting to seek revenge. Meanwhile, Noah and Lauren interrogate a captured Edgar for information to ...                
Someone with Oliver's skills as an archer take aim at Lois and Chloe.
Clark meets the sorceress Zatanna (from episode 'Hex') at a comic book convention, where she tells him that her father charmed a copy of the comic book "Warrior Angel" and it holds magical ...                
Chance races against time and crashes a black-tie affair at the Russian Embassy to find a friend's killer. As he becomes embroiled in an international arms deal, he meets his match in a beautiful female counterpart .
Christopher Chance is a man who seems to get his thrills on protecting people from all walks of life. In the opener, he takes a case where he needs to protect a mechanical engineer who ...                
Chance is hired to protect a district attorney who is running from her family's past and marked for murder because of her investigation into an organized crime family.
Chance travels to a remote Alaskan island to find a missing doctor and expose an industrial giant's involvement in the death of a mining foreman.
A man named Sylvester Pemberton tracks down Chloe and tells her he knows about her team of superheroes and needs their help. However, before he can explain who he is, he is attacked and ...                
It is Valentine's Day and while Clark is out on a date with Lois, he unknowingly becomes infected by gemstone kryptonite, which has magical wish-fulfilling properties. Clark mentions to ...                
Chance needs a miracle to help protect a reformed thief from his vengeful former accomplices as they race to recover priceless religious artifacts hidden in a remote Canadian monastery.
Chance has to rescue a man who is being held against his will by the company, he works for,a defense contractor, because he want to reveal that the company gave one of their weapons to a ...                
Chance and Winston encounter some severe turbulence when they work together to protect a client they have never met from an assassin aboard a passenger plane.
Clark teams up with Zod's wife, Faora, to investigate the abduction of her sister, Vala, and several Kandorians whom have been experimenting with humans in order to find a way to claim ...                
A English anthropologist accidentally discovers a lost, stolen treasure. Chance tries to rescue the man who is now the target of a South American army and a deadly bounty hunter. In the ...                
Clark and Lois head out of town for a quiet romantic getaway, but their plans are thwarted when they run into Chloe and Oliver at their Bed & Breakfast Inn. The couples' awkward moment is ...                
Tess creates an elaborate hoax in order to kidnap Oliver/Green Arrow, and delivers him to the shady head of the secret society Checkmate, Amanda Waller, who tells him that that the ...                
Zod continues to pose as "The Blur" and asks Lois to investigate one of Tess' secret labs. An explosion rocks the lab, and Lois is rescued by John Corben who was a subject of multiple ...                
Chance's past comes into focus when he recruits FBI Agent Emma Barnes to help him stop his former partner from assassinating a visiting foreign dignitary. Meanwhile, Guerrero tests out a ...                
Chance and Co are hired to protect a member of the British family that have been marked for assassination.
The new editor tells Clark and Lois only one of them 'imps' may keep his/her job. they still collaborate, hoping a super-scoop should change his mind. An apparent opportunity is when ...                
Tess's latest intrusion, at Watchtower, and Chloe's excessive lockout mechanism, lock the pair up, likely to be killed while Checkmate breaks trough the last firewalls. Intrudening the ...                
Clark is surprised when Martha Kent returns to Smallville for a visit, and he's in for another surprise when she brings along her new boyfriend, Perry White, whom after he learns of Clark's...                
Zod unleashes his army upon the world, forcing Chloe to call in reinforcements from old friends. Zod tells Lois he is The Blur and asks her to steal the Book of Rao from Clark. Torn between...                
A boxer is hiding after refusing to lose a fight for gambling baron Hugh Prentiss. Chance gets common enemy mob lord Tony Belvilacqua to fiance a sting, setting up himself as rising start ...                
Oliver is tortured incessantly by Rick Flag until Chloe, who used the Dr. Fate's helmet to find him, exchanges herself for him. Awakening in a secret LuthorCorp lab among partial Lex clones...                
Tess acquires a Kryptonian box that once belonged to Lionel Luthor. When Clark accidentally activates the box, he's transported to a parallel universe where Lionel found Clark in the ...                
As the VRA threat intensifies, Clark takes initiative by closing down watchtower and declaring the League go officially underground, but will this be enough to stop Lt.Trotter and Slade ...                
Clark, Oliver, Lois and Dinah are back home after long VRA captivity, with confused memories and robbed of all superhero-powers. They believe they have been tortured in an experimental lab ...                
Clark is surprised to see Martha on the news speaking at a pro-vigilante rally. However, surprise quickly turns to horror when he and Lois watch as Martha is injured in an attack on ...                
Chloe and Oliver are mistaken for FBI agents investigating Desaad's recent string of murders and the pair are kidnapped by Desaad's minions. Desaad tries to infect Chloe with the darkness. ...                
After Zatanna sends a magically spiked bottle of champagne to Clark and Lois for their bachelor/bachlorette parties, the gang blacks out after the toast, only to wake up the next morning ...                
Lionel and Tess go head to head in a battle for the Luthor name. Clark and Lois are stunned by Tess' latest present to them.
Clark gets an inverse make-over from Lois, in order to become a gray mouse when the Blur goes public. Just then, a flashy media-hungry new superhero emerges: Booster Gold, who ...                
Clark Kent is in nostalgic mood after Martha signs over the deed to the farm as a wedding present, wondering whether it suggests he and Lois should sell and move. Clark Luthor surprises him...                
After the banished General Slade is found on earth, Clark realizes the Phantom Zone portal must be open and decides to go close it, however dangerous as his super powers don't work there. ...                
Oliver tracks down his tormentor Rick Flag, learns he exchanged him for Chloe, who died poisoned, and informs Clark, who helps him work out Chloe actually staged her fake death. On her ...                
Searching for the Bow of Orion, the only known means to stop the Darkness, Oliver and Kara independently reached the same booby-trapped underground sanctuary. Kara got herself trapped, but ...                
The story of Clark Kent culminates in this two-hour series finale as Clark takes the last step to becoming the Man of Steel.
Clark is stunned when Kara returns to Earth and tells him Jor El sent her to stop the dark force that is coming because he doesn't believe Clark can handle it. Meanwhile, Lois confronts ...                
Still gravely pondering his place in life, Clark lets Lois drag him along to their Smallvillle high school reunion. Rather than enjoying his hero status, while Lois shines less than she ...                
Oliver enjoys his new, public role since he outed himself as super-hero, yet misses Chloe desperately and feeling guilty. His example further inspires Clark to tell at least Lois, but just ...                
Clark examines a rural hamlet where blue kryptonite in the water has no known negative effects. However when a bell rings, tho local deputy regretfully knocks out the nosy reporter 'at the ...                
Clark is far from impressed that Lois barely dares rebuke her kid sister's mean pranks on both of them, while squirming for each, even offensive, whim of Pa, full general Sam Lane, as their...                
Clark accompanies Tess, who got childhood nightmares triggered by a mysteriously delivered music-box, to the orphanage where she was left behind by her parents. They find out the hard way '...                
Oliver tests the Vigilante Registration Act by outing himself at a press conference, praised by the general in charge. As feared, he's tortured in a secret prison to turn on his superhero ...                
When Chance's former boss makes a move to bring him back into the fold, flashbacks reveal the events that lead to Chance, Winston and Guerrero's unlikely partnership.
Zatanna practices her magic in Gotham City.
Catwoman has been on the prowl with a green feline gem as Batgirl catches up to her.
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy attempt to open a vault found in Gotham.
It's Halloween in Gotham and the duo of Poison Ivy and Harley Quinn are hitting the town.
Harley is desperate to find Poison Ivy a gift for Halloween. But what gift would be the greatest for a villainess of Gotham?
Six month after the liberation of Winston, who was kidnapped and tortured to force him help bank-robbers, Chance still lives in Nepal, where he came to clear his mind. Ilsa, the widow of ...                
Donnelly, Chance's boss in his hit-man days, tips him off that there is a contract on Rebecca Brooks, economy professor like her late husband Daniel, whom Chance killed, with a top-assassin...                
a Plot
Ivy and Harley attempt to steal a valuable trinket from a wax museum.
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
a Plot
In order to get the key to the vault from her fathers office, Batgirl captures Harley, Ivy, and Cat Women to make an agreement on helping her distract the police department.
After Harley, Ivy, and Catwoman are wrongly sent to prison after the men of Gothem re-appear, Batgirl helps the three escape prison untill she finds out who made the men disappear, and bring them down once and for all.
a Plot
a Plot
While chasing Cat Women, Barbra receives a call from one of her dads' coworkers saying that he dissapeared while she's chasing bad guys, then she finds out all the men in Gotham have ...                
Disguising themselves as Batgirl in different parts of Gothom, the police are ordered to bring her to custody after helping the Gotham Girls of Crime out of prison.
a Plot
Ivy tries to teach Harley to be more strategically competent.
Three teenage sidekicks decide to investigate a fire at a genetics laboratory... and discover a plot to create a clone of Superman.
Robin, Kid Flash, and Aqualad are captured and only Superboy, the telepathically controlled clone of Superman, can free them. As they struggle to reach the surface, they must do battle with the transformed scientist known as Blockbuster.
Batman sends the team on its first official mission - to observe and report on a Venom Factory. The team chooses its leader.
Young Justice is assigned transport duty. To deliver parts of an android that has duplicated the powers of several Justice Leaguers. The creator of the android wants him back.
Batman has yet to assign the team a mission, and the team grows restless. A fire at a nearby power plant is the team's first mission or is it just a test?
Chance's investigation into Ilsa's late husband's past uncovers a web of deception and lies that may tear the team apart forever.
When the team investigates the disappearance of Kent Nelson (formerly Doctor Fate), the scientific-minded Wally West is forced to confront his disbelief in magic while battling Abra Kadabra...                
Roy rescues a scientist from the League of Shadows. He asks Young Justice to protect her and neutralize the weapon that she was working on. Artemis joins the team.
After a poor performance during a mission, Batman gives the team some time off. Aqualad considers going back to Atlantis.
The team awakens in the Biaylan desert with amnesia. Miss Martian tries to unite the team to restore their memories, and must find the cause of their amnesia.
Red Arrow has to protect one villain from another in order to ensure that peace talks between two warring nations go well.
When the cave is attacked, can Artemis and Robin - the two teens without super-powers - save the Team (or even themselves) from the unknown invaders?
Batman assigns Superboy and Miss Martian to go undercover inside Belle Reve, a federal prison designed to house the world's worst super-villains.
When Batman sends the Team and new "den-mother" Captain Marvel to India to investigate bizarre reports of armed animals attacking human beings, can Aqualad pull his fractured Team together?
Batman assigns the Team to battle the Injustice League, when plant creatures they control begin a global assault.
The Team is on the hunt for Red Tornado, and their friend Zatanna wants to come along for the ride.
When the Justice League is defeated during an alien invasion, the Team has to step up and fill their mentors' shoes.
Superboy's "Sphere" goes through a surprising change, revealing a connection to the forever people of New Genesis.
It's Halloween. Artemis and Zatanna are in Manhattan for a girls' night out. There, they encounter the deadly Harm, who has a secret.
Superboy returns to Project Cadmus, where he learns the top-secret genetics lab may have created another Super-clone...
The team finally learns the identity of the traitor in their midst, forcing a battle against an enemy more dangerous than any they've ever faced before!
On his birthday, Kid Flash must deliver a transplant heart in a race against time, artificial extreme weather conditions and supervillain opposition.
A covert operation against Queen Bee in Qurac forces Miss Martian to finally face her greatest fears and her biggest secrets. But will she reveal those secrets to her friends - or allow what she's hiding to take down the entire team?
Red Arrow's return undercuts Artemis' confidence, while the team's mission to track down Sportsmaster threatens to expose her darkest secrets.
When Earth's 5 most powerful sorcerers make all the adults on the planet disappear, it's up to the Team, Zatanna, and Billy Batson to stop them.
Robin, Artemis, Superboy, Miss Martian, and Red Arrow go undercover as the Daring Dangers to discover the link between Haly's circus and stolen weapon technology.
The team gets a new member and a new mission - a mission that may finally expose all of the team's secrets ... and all of their lies!
Artemis returns to the team to protect an important satellite launch.
Arrow moves further along his father's list while battling family issues with his mother, Moira, and especially with his sister. He also makes amends for past difficulties with Laurel.
A mysterious sniper called Deadshot is taking out bidders at an auction for an industry company. The bidders include Oliver's stepfather, Walter Steele.
Peter Declan has been charged with murdering his wife, and only Oliver believes he's innocent. Arrow asks Laurel to look into Declan's case. Meanwhile, Walter investigates a warehouse that Moira mysteriously bought with the company's money.
Five years after the Justice League were controlled by Vandal Savage, their time under his control comes back to haunt them. The Team has to take on alien invaders, starting with Lobo.
The team of Miss Martian, Superboy, Beast Boy and Adam Strange are sent to the planet Rann.
Oliver is accused of being the hooded archer and is put under house arrest. Also, he thinks back to his time on the island, where he first met Edward Fyers and Deathstroke.
Billionaire playboy, Oliver Queen, has been considered dead for five years. Now, he has returned. But something, during those five years, has changed him into a mysterious green hooded archer.
The invading Kroloteans receive aid from an unexpected ally.
Oliver's next target is Scott Morgan, a power executive who jacks up prices for electricity when people most need it. John Diggle suggests they go after the gang of bank robbers that ...                
Blue Beetle searches for a missing friend, while the team of Miss Martian, Batgirl, Bumblebee and Wonder Girl return to Bialya.
A mysterious intruder appears inside Mount Justice claiming to be a time-traveling visitor from the future.
Superboy and Blue Beetle take on Intergang, while Nightwing tries to salvage the soul of a former comrade.
Green and Red Arrow try and stop the original Speedy from taking his revenge on Lex Luthor.
A new vigilante is killing off the people that work for mob boss Frank Bertinelli.
An old friend returns to Mount Justice and takes revenge to prove himself to his new masters.
Aqualad meets the Light's partner and learns of their plans for Earth while Miss Martian's revenge backfires on her. Meanwhile, the team meets a new, seemingly unbeatable super villain.
The team is trapped inside the Hall of Justice for a cage match against a brutal alien gladiator!
When the Reach forms a devil's alliance with Lexcorp, Robin leads a squad undercover to investigate.
Black Manta seeks vengeance against Miss Martian.
Nightwing tasks Blue Beetle with chasing down a group of potentially dangerous super-powered teenage runaways. But Blue Beetle is not the only one hunting them....
A conqueror from another world becomes a wild card in an intergalactic game of supremacy - placing planet Earth square in the jackpot.
Black Manta gives Miss Martian 24 hours to live, but that may be more time than Aqualad has, with Sportsmaster and Cheshire on the hunt for his head!
A band of misfits is put to the test when Lex Luthor sends them behind enemy lines ... to rescue the team!
The Light calls a summit to decide the final fate of Aqualad, the team ... and the entire planet Earth!
The team embarks on a desperate endeavor to free Blue Beetle!
When the earth is threatened by the Reach, the team must team up with Lex Luthor and fight the reach with out the Justice League.
James Gordon and Harvey Bullock are assigned to track down the killer of Thomas and Martha Wayne.
A Las Vegas Estate auction. A movie prop or replica goes under the hammer. Unlikely opponents team up to buy a vintage item.
Humpty Dumpty captures Batman, Katana, Gordon, Mayor Grange and Tobias Whale and makes all of them play his Murder Mystery Game.
Rene is being groomed to take over the competition, while Ivy learns a lesson that changes his tune about locker buying. Darrell attempts a new approach to the business but ends up spending...                
Based on the wildly popular comic book series "Hellblazer" from DC Comics, seasoned demon hunter and master of the occult John Constantine is armed with a ferocious knowledge of the dark ...                
Barry takes on a group of armed men at an awards ceremony, but side effects from his new super power catch up with him.
Barry and Joe track a deadly metahuman with toxic gas powers, and Caitlin relives the night of the explosion that killed her fiancé.
The superheroes only have one hour to find Dr. Silvana's Doomsday Machine before it destroys all life on Earth. Their only leads are clues left by the arch villains, each one of which might be a trap.
Ed McMahon hosts this special gathering in which the greatest DC heroes are roasted and toasted by some of their greatest enemies, lesser known colleagues and family members.
Deep in the mountains of Western Pennsylvania, John is the small mining community's only defense against an ancient Welsh spirit. In the course of protecting these isolated innocents, John ...                
Falcone and Maroni fight over the Arkham section of Gotham. Cobblepot becomes the manager of Maroni's favorite restaurant.
In New Orleans, Constantine's unusual knowledge of a string of crimes gets him into trouble with Detective Jim Corrigan. He must form an unholy alliance with Papa Midnite when a voodoo ...                
A masked vigilante is killing off corrupt citizens by strapping them to weather balloons. Cobblepot returns to Gotham.
Gordon and Bullock search for the source of a new street drug that causes euphoria then death. Meanwhile, Oswald Cobblepot works his way deeper into Maroni's inner circle and Fish Mooney continues to plot against Falcone.
Someone is killing rich children by taking on the name of The Goat, a serial killer that Harvey took down when he was young. Montoya and Allen finally have evidence against Gordon.
When a young boy is taken over by a malevolent spirit, John must put aside his misgivings over exorcising a child and convince the parents that their boy is not all that he seems.
When Constantine's old friend Gary Lester accidentally releases a powerful demon in Atlanta, John is forced to determine exactly what he is prepared to sacrifice in his battle with the underworld.
While in art class, Zed has a bizarre vision of snakes that lead her and John to a small town where a preacher has mysteriously gained the ability to heal his congregation.
John and Zed engage in a dangerous confrontation to save a woman and her family from sinister forces. John's efforts force him to confront the darkness in his own life - while also coming ...                
Someone is kidnapping homeless kids and one of them is a young girl named Selina Kyle. Meanwhile, Oswald Cobblepot goes off the grid.
Dan Dotson returns to the auctions in Costa Mesa, where the buyers have their sights set on Dave Hester in his home turf. Darrell and Brandon take the auction over the top. And Jarrod and ...                
Word is out that Cobblepot is alive, leading Falcone and Maroni to the brink of war and causing Gordon to go on the run.
Gordon and Bullock investigate a Gothamite who runs a deadly fight club for candidates applying for a job at his financial firm. Meanwhile, Bruce returns to school and gets a visit from a new friend.
Anne Marie, a member of the Newcastle crew, asks John and Chas for help in Mexico City -- bringing them close to the heart of the rising darkness; Zed is haunted by her past.
Gordon teams up with a young attorney, named Harvey Dent, to find the Wayne family's killer. Russians break a former bomb maker out of prison. Selina goes to live at Wayne Manor.
John summons a demon into himself to help fend off an attack; Chas, Zed, and Anne Marie rush to save John.
Assassins attack Wayne Manor to try and kill Selina, causing her and Bruce to go on the run. While Harvey and Alfred try to find the kids, Gordon tries to track down the man he believes was behind the attack: Dick Lovecraft.
An unknown person in Arkham Asylum is experimenting on the inmates, while Oswald unexpectedly finds himself in jail.
In an attempt to get his job back, Gordon seeks to capture Jack Gruber, a deranged electronics genius who has escaped from Arkham Asylum. Meanwhile, Falcone struggles to hold onto his empire after Fish Mooney makes her next move.
When the key witness in a homicide ends up dead while being held for questioning by the police, Gordon suspects an inside job and looks to an old friend for information.
Fish Mooney reveals a secret of Oswald Cobblepot's, prompting Maroni to take him on a trip to test his loyalty. Meanwhile, Gordon and Bullock hunt down a killer who targets victims with ...                
Gordon and Bullock set out to stop Gerald Crane, a biology teacher who has been harvesting the glands of his murder victims. Meanwhile, after finding herself in an unusual setting, Mooney ...                
The circus comes under attack while Gordon and Dr. Thompkins are in attendance.
Following several bank robberies, Gordon and Bullock investigate the Red Hood gang. Meanwhile, Selina bonds with Barbara, Penguin faces problems, Fish tries to reclaim her position, and Alfred is visited by an old friend.
While Gordon seeks information about the recent controversy with Commissioner Loeb, Fish's allegiance with the prisoners is questioned when she appears to join forces with Dr. Dulmacher. ...                
Gordon and Bullock inspect a cold case involving "the Ogre", a serial killer who targets young women in Gotham City. Meanwhile, Fish plots her escape from the Dollmaker, and Bruce and Selina confront Reggie.
Gordon and Bullock continue to investigate the Ogre, who begins to make his move on someone close to Gordon. Meanwhile, Bruce and Selina team up to expose a corrupt Wayne Enterprises employee and Nygma comes to Kristin Kringle's defense.
The Ogre breaks down Barbara's emotions, while Gordon and Bullock track him down. Meanwhile, Penguin leads a massacre, beginning an epic war, while Bruce learns the truth about Wayne Enterprises and Nygma deals with his recent actions.
When Dr. Wells reactivates the Particle Accelerator, Barry must move the imprisoned meta-humans away. To do that, he needs help, and he chooses to ask Captain Cold for it.
All hell breaks loose on Gotham's streets as the crime families collide. Dr. Thompkins helps Barbara through therapy. Bruce and Alfred try to find out Thomas Wayne's secret.
With the Particle Accelerator back online, Barry can go back in time to stop Eobard Thawne on the night of his mother's murder fifteen years ago.
When thousands of people in Brooklyn - including Chas' daughter - slip into comas, John must locate and defeat the evil forces responsible.
John is sent to help an old friend at Ivy University, where students have figured out how to get to an alternate dimension - only to be met by a killer.
John asks Manny to help him investigate a mysterious attack at a hospital; a health issue prompts Zed to question her visions.
John and Zed return to New Orleans when Detective Jim Corrigan asks for their help in the case of a missing girl. Papa Midnite takes steps toward exacting his revenge on John. Meanwhile, the truth behind the Rising Darkness comes to light.
A new enemy lures Oliver Queen back to Starling City and forces him to put on the hood once more.
Still feeling responsible for Eddie's death, Barry pushes his friends away and tries to protect the city on his own; Cisco assists Joe with the Meta Task Force.
Penguin is King of Gotham and after a shakeup at the GCPD, Detective James Gordon's moral compass wavers, as he seeks help from Penguin.
Gordon investigates the inmate escape from Arkham Asylum while Galavan plots his next move. Bruce's quest to unlock the secrets of his father's office leads him to an old family friend.
Gordon and Bullock hunt a nemesis from the past, which leads to a standoff between Jerome and Gordon; and a magic show at a Gotham Children's Hospital gala results in a hostage situation.
Barnes forms a task force with help from Gordon; Penguin is kept busy trying to fulfill a favor for Galavan; and Nygma asks Kringle out on a date.
Galavan and Penguin join forces with a dangerous family in Gotham. Then, as the rivalry between the Waynes and the Galavans resurfaces, Gordon struggles to maintain order in the city.
After Bridgit Pike is kidnapped by her brothers, a new spark of courage ignites within her, as she chooses to take control of her future. Meanwhile, Kringle and Nygma's relationship will ...                
Butch leads Penguin and his men to the warehouse where Gertrude is being held, as Penguin plots his revenge on Galavan for kidnapping his mother.
Gordon runs into a hitman known as Eduardo Flamingo; Penguin and Nygma have another encounter.
Gordon confronts a suspect who is connected to Galavan, but falls short of obtaining any information. Meanwhile, Bruce gets one step closer to discovering the name of his parents' killer.
Galavan sends Barbara after Jim Gordon, while he tries to make a business deal with Bruce Wayne. Barnes and Bullock are hot on Barbara's trail, and Nygma has a run-in with a familiar face.
Jim Gordon turns to Dangerous Allies for assistance when Bruce Wayne is abducted.
Penguin gives Gordon a hard time; a skilled cryogenics engineer named Victor Fries is involved in a body-snatching spree.
Gordon and Bullock look to Nora for help in their search for Victor, Penguin meets Hugo Strange.
After Gordon is removed from protective custody, he begins to face new threats and dangers inside prison walls. In order to survive he must rely on a new friend as well as Bullock and other...                
Gordon and Bullock investigate a trail of clues left in a museum robbery which unbeknownst to them were left by Nygma in a dangerous game of cat and mouse. Gordon's past comes back to haunt...                
Alfred and Selina help Bruce on his quest to find his parents' killer Matches Malone. Meanwhile, Gordon follows up with Edward Nygma on Kristin Kringle's whereabouts. Hugo Strange continues his treatment to reduce Penguin's aggression.
In an attempt to clear his name, Gordon steals his case file and approaches Nygma for help. Meanwhile, Penguin discovers his step-family's role in his father's death, and awakens from his conditioning.
After leaving Arkham Asylum, Barbara attempts to make amends with Gordon. Bruce and Alfred track down one of Thomas Wayne's former friend's from project chimera, but Hugo Strange disrupts their plan.
Gordon and Bruce question Professor Strange about project chimera which leads Strange to send the newly resurrected Galavan to confront Gordon. Meanwhile, Nygma investigates who Professor Strange is.
Azrael is loose in Gotham city which sparks Penguin's need for revenge. Meanwhile, Bruce enlists Selina's help in tracking down Professor Strange as he evades arrest for his experiments.
Hugo Strange welcomes a familiar face to Gotham after he resurrects Fish Mooney in Indian Hill. Meanwhile, Bruce discovers a friend is in danger and teams up with Gordon, Alfred and Lucius while uncovering more of his experiments.
While Gordon, Bruce and Lucius remain at Indian Hill, the city of Gotham will be met with a new threat as Hugo Strange's inmates devise a plan to escape and start their new lives in Gotham.
Twenty-four-year-old Kara Zor-El, cousin of Superman, who was taken in by the Danvers family when she was 12 after being sent away from Krypton, must learn to embrace her powers after previously hiding them.
Kara must put doubts aside as she tries to apprehend an escapee from the Kryptonian prison; Cat pressures James for an interview with Supergirl.
A parasitic alien attaches itself to Kara and traps her in a world where Krypton was never destroyed, leaving Alex, Hank and the DEO to fend off a Kryptonian attack without her.
Supergirl's powers are put to the test when one of Superman's most formidable enemies, Reactron, shows up in National City to take her down. In the meantime, Cat makes plans to run an expose on Supergirl.
Batman tracks Harley Quinn to an abandoned warehouse, which he finds full of her victims - living and dead.
Lucifer has left Hell to take up a life on Earth. When a friend of his is murdered Lucifer joins forces with the good side of the law to discover who the perpetrators are and to give them what they rightfully deserve.
Kara must protect National City from a series of bombings and babysit Cat's son, while James is visited by Lucy Lane.
In an effort to get over his infatuation with Chloe, Lucifer decides that he must seduce her. Meanwhile, the two team up on a missing girl case and Amenadiel confronts Maze about his concerns with Lucifer.
When Lucifer is attending a fashion show, a girl gets murdered. He then volunteers to help Detective Decker solve the homicide. Mazikeen goes behind Lucifer's back.
When a movie star's son is killed after being chased by the paparazzi, Chloe takes a deep look into the case with a little help from Lucifer. Meanwhile, Maze and Amenadiel continue to encourage Lucifer to go back to hell.
Lucifer gets help from an unlikely source while trying to find the contents of his stolen container; Chloe uncovers a vital clue.
An up-and-coming quarterback calls Lucifer after finding a corpse in his pool; Lucifer asks Chloe to help investigate, which leads them into the world of big-money sports.
The murder of a therapist prompts Lucifer to enlist the help of Dr. Linda to search for a suspect.
A priest seeks out Lucifer's help when he suspects an underground drug operation has set up shop at a neighborhood youth center. Meanwhile, Malcolm manipulates a way to keep an eye on Dan.
A robbery gone bad leads to Lucifer and Chloe working together. Dan has an unusual encounter with Mazikeen. Chloe suspects Lucifer might be a criminal. Linda chooses to play Lucifer's game.
Lucifer and Chloe suspect a restaurateur's son played a part in his death; the return of Chloe's mother sends her life into upheaval.
The team investigates the death of a woman whose body with "Hail Lucifer" message was found lying in a pentagram.
When philanthropist Tim Dunlear is found dead, Lucifer explores his good side by becoming a benefactor for Tim's glitzy Los Angeles charity.
When Lucifer is framed for murder, he and Chloe must work together to clear his name and prove the identity of the true killer.
Kara does her best to support Winn when he hears that his father Winslow Schott Sr. breaks out of prison. His father looks for Winn for a reason to become like him. Cat offers Lucy a job ...                
Kara must deal with a twisted version of Supergirl, while venturing into a possible romance.
Supergirl fights against her aunt and learns some heartbreaking news about her mom, while Catco is dealing with a hacker.
Kara's foster mother visits for Thanksgiving, while an accident transforms a volatile CatCo employee into Livewire.
Stress makes Kara go too far during a training exercise against a military cyborg commissioned by General Sam Lane, while Cat's mother comes to visit and Winn helps Alex investigate her father's death.
Supergirl, with her recently drained powers taking too long to return, must deal with life without them, while DEO has a powerful escaped alien prisoner in their headquarters.
A standoff ensues between the DEO and Astra's forces also Non kidnaps Hank, while Kara tries to refute Cat's allegations that she's Supergirl.
Kara helps Hank face his painful past when a White Martian, who wiped out all of the Green Martians from Mars, kidnaps Senator Miranda Crane who is an anti-alien politician. Adam Foster who is Cat's estranged son arrives in National City.
Bert Newton counts down the hottest of the hottest supermodels from 20 to 1.
Kara battles the Master Jailer while dealing with a second assistant at CatCo and disagreeing with James over the DEO's methods.
Kara travels to the Fortress of Solitude hoping to find information on how to defeat Indigo, a being from her past who can travel through the Internet. In the meantime, James and Lucy reach a crossroads in their relationship.
Red Kryptonite makes Kara malicious and dangerous while Cat appears on The Talk (2010) to discuss Supergirl.
J'onn J'onzz reveals how he met Jeremiah Danvers and assumed the identity of Hank Henshaw.
Kara gains a new ally when the Flash arrives from a parallel universe and helps her fight the Silver Banshee and Livewire in exchange for helping him return home.
Non and Indigo use mind control to make the citizens of National City their army, so Kara must find a way to save her friends.
Supergirl is forced to do battle with an unexpected enemy as she risks everything - including her life - to stop Non and Indigo from destroying everyone on Earth.
Gordon works in a monster-ridden Gotham as a bounty hunter and seeks to find answers about the Indian Hill escapees and why their powers appear to be killing them. Bruce's doppelganger ...                
With the deadly virus spreading throughout the city, the search for the antidote continues, as Fish Mooney, The Riddler and Penguin reveal plans of their own. Bruce meets Ra's Al Ghul and ...                
Lucifer and Chloe look into the murder of a stand-in actress; Chloe's faith in Lucifer is tested.
Fish Mooney takes matters into her own hands to locate Hugo Strange, forcing Gordon to reluctantly team up with journalist Valerie Vale to find her. Penguin rises in popularity after ...                
Hypnotist Jervis Tetch/Mad Hatter arrives in Gotham to search for his sister, Alice, and hires Gordon to help find her. Meanwhile, Penguin decides to run for mayor and Bruce's doppelganger ...                
Penguin gains leverage over Gotham City. Meanwhile Jim returns Alice to GCPD for the bounty and Bruce and Alfred look for Bruce's doppleganger
Crime in Gotham is at an all-time high, as Penguin struggles to uphold his promises to the city. Meanwhile, Butch goes down a dark path with the infamous Red Hood Gang and Bruce begins to investigate Ivy's whereabouts.
Mad Hatter sets his eyes on his next victims, forcing Jim Gordon to make some tough decisions. Meanwhile, Penguin and Nygma's relationship evolves, and a familiar face comes back into Nygma's life.
After coming in contact with a substance by the hand of Mad Hatter, Jim Gordon gets led on a psychedelic trip and must confront his past, present and future. Meanwhile, Penguin struggles with Nygma's new relationship.
Captain Barnes begins to feel the effects of a recent incident and starts to go mad. Meanwhile Nygma is out of his depth in his relationship with Isabella, and Carmine Falcone throws his son Mario and Leslie Tompkin's an engagement party.
Gordon and Bullock become suspicious of Barnes and go through evidence of a murder at Leslie and Mario's engagement party. Nygma goes to Penguin when he doesn't hear from Isabella. Ivy ...                
A threat to Leslie and Mario is exposed on the eve of their rehearsal dinner and Falcone comes to Jim for help. Meanwhile, Nygma plans his revenge and Bruce learns more about the Court of Owls.
Mario and Gordon face off before the wedding, Selina meets an unexpected face and Barbara comes to Nygma with information about Isabella.
Falcone goes after Gordon for his son's death. Gordon doesn't have any evidence that proves Mario was trying to kill Leslie. So she ends up blaming Gordon for her husband's death.
On the run from Gordon and Bullock, Dwight tries to revive Jerome and, in turn, activates his acolytes around Gotham City. Meanwhile, Selina's mom's intentions in Gotham are revealed, and ...                
Tensions mount as Nygma has Cobblepot captured and defeated. Gotham has been plunged into darkness as Jerome wanted. The streets are rioting, Jerome's goons break and loot while Jerome himself confronts Bruce Wayne and Alfred.
Ed finally got Penguin to pay for his terrible actions and finds himself with a new dilemma on which path to take.
Gordon discovers new information about his father and uncle's past just as the Court of Owls devises a new plan for the future of Gotham.
Gordon tracks down the weapon the Court of Owls intend to use for the destruction of Gotham; Kathryn and Temple Shaman tell Bruce about their next move; Ivy offers Selina help.
The most unhinged villains of Gotham come together as the Riddler continues his conquest; Gordon's search for answers keeps leading him back to the Court of Owls; Alfred notices a change in Bruce while Bruce 2 confides in Selina.
Temple Shaman takes Bruce to the next phase of his training; Gordon and Bullock discover a crystal owl that carries the biggest secrets of Gotham's underworld; Nygma and Penguin must work together to get out of a tricky situation.
Gordon races against the clock to save the city from the Alice Tetch virus, when Lee Thompkins intercepts with a plan of her own. Also, Alfred sees a big change in Bruce Wayne after his ...                
With the deadly virus spreading throughout the city, the search for the antidote continues, as Fish Mooney, The Riddler and Penguin reveal plans of their own. Bruce meets Ra's Al Ghul and ...                
Lucifer suspects his mother may be involved in a ghastly murder for which she claims she's innocent.
Lucifer and Chloe investigate a gruesome murder after a video of the crime surfaces on social media. When a second video appears, they realize they have a serial killer on their hands.
After the bodies of two young L.A. transplants are found poisoned, Chloe and Lucifer hunt for the killer. Upon Maze convincing Chloe to go out for drinks, which the detective perceives as ...                
Lucifer's brother Uriel shows up as he investigates the murder of his favorite action hero.
Guilty and self-destructive, Lucifer clashes with Chloe during an investigation, leading her to team up with Dan instead. Meanwhile, Amenadiel bonds with Charlotte, and Maze takes Trixie trick-or-treating.
After the man convicted of killing Chloe's father is murdered, new clues suggests he was framed; Maze looks for a job; Lucifer tries to learn how to be normal by watching Dan.
Lucifer seeks Azrael's blade when he discovers it's been used in a string of violent stabbings linked to a local yoga studio.
Lucifer goes to great lengths to protect his home when the owner is murdered and the new owner wants it demolished.
Charlotte is determined to get Lucifer to leave Earth by turning Chloe against him. Meanwhile, Amenadiel has begun working as Charlotte's soldier, which makes Maze question his loyalty.
The tension between Lucifer and Chloe makes it difficult for them to investigate the murder of two victims who happen to be Lucifer's old flames.
Lucifer and Chloe investigate a mysterious masked killer who is poisoning college students. They also try to make sense of their new relationship, after a long-awaited kiss. Meanwhile, ...                
Lucifer returns to hell to find an antidote for Chloe and his mother goes to hell to bring him back.
An introduction to Super Hero High and its students.
Bumblebee gives the new transfer student, Wonder Woman, a tour of campus.
Wonder Woman settles into her dorm as Harley Quinn, her roommate, tries to get her attention.
Wonder Woman begins her first assignment of the semester; designing a super suit.
Wonder Woman begins her next assignment of the semester; flight.
Harley Quinn has organized a movie night, premiering a compilation of footage starring the girls, but what will the others think of it?
Let's hear it for Our Hero of the Month at Super Hero High: Poison Ivy. Not only has she rescued classmates, friends and strangers, but you'll be amazed at how many sticky situations she's stopped from getting worse.
Wonder Woman finally gets a chance to put her self designed super suit to the test, but will she get super results while trying it out?
Wonder Woman sure knows her weaponomics, but a certain someone doesn't want her teacher to know.
It's time for Poison Ivy to branch out (literally) and join some clubs. Principal's orders. But what club should she choose at Super Hero High School!?
It's Bumblebee's time to shine for her heroic prowess, exceptional flying skills and great taste in music. Follow along as she accepts this exciting honor from Super Hero High School.
It's the end of the semester for Super Hero High students, but wait. A Save the Day alarm has sounded and they must fly to the rescue.
Wonder Woman's best known for being a leader and a great friend, which is why Super Hero High nominated her.
Supergirl and Superman team up to stop a new threat emerging in National City. A Kryptonian pod comes crashing down to Earth.
Supergirl is hurt by a kryptonite-powered villain sent by Cadmus to attack National City. Superman blames Hank since the kryptonite was stolen from the DEO. In the meantime, Kara's first ...                
Supergirl and the DEO are assigned to protect the President when an attack on her causes alien vs. human rights in National City to heat up. Alex investigates the case with Maggie Sawyer while Kara fears Mon-El may be responsible.
Supergirl challenges Rhea to battle to save National City. Meanwhile, Superman returns and Cat Grant offers Supergirl some sage advice.
Supergirl tries to stop an alien fight club run by Roulette, while Hank gets to know M'Gann.
Supergirl faces a ruthless new gang that's been given new alien technology by Cadmus.
The Guardian arrives to lend a hand when an alien parasite drains Supergirl of her power. Mon-El contemplates his motives when he considers a new career. Alex faces a new reality.
Supergirl comes face-to-face with Cyborg Superman when she attempts to save Mon-El from Cadmus.
As Eliza comes to National City for Thanksgiving, Kara turns to Lena for help when Cadmus unleashes a virus that instantly kills aliens, then is asked by Barry Allen and Cisco Ramon for help with an alien invasion on their Earth.
While searching for a missing woman, Supergirl and Mon-El end up on another planet where Roulette leads a slave trafficking ring.
When Livewire apparently breaks out of prison, Supergirl sets out to recapture her.
A White Martian called Armek comes to National City with the intention of bringing M'gann back to Mars to be punished for her treason.
Lena is arrested when Metallo breaks Lillian out of prison and evidence suggests that Lena is responsible.
A magical imp called Mr. Mxyzptlk arrives on Earth to woo Kara, and wreaks havoc on National City when she doesn't reciprocate his feelings.
When Jeremiah Danvers is rescued from Cadmus, Alex and Kara are thrilled to have him back, but Mon-El is suspicious about his sudden return.
Alex and Kara realize they must break the rules to foil Cadmus' latest plot.
Supergirl goes on high alert when a new villain comes to National City. Meanwhile, Winn's new girlfriend Lyra gets him in trouble with the law and the Music Meister attacks.
Aliens attack National City with the intention of collecting a large bounty put out on Supergirl.
Lena's ex-boyfriend Jack Spheer comes to National City to reveal his breakthrough in nanotechnology that has the potential to eliminate all diseases.
When Alex is kidnapped, Supergirl and Maggie must work together to save her.
National City is attacked by a Phorian, a normally peaceful race with telekinetic abilities.
Supergirl struggles to decide whether or not to obey the President's orders regarding Rhea's latest actions. Meanwhile, Cat Grant returns to National City.
Lobo and an escaped con known as Sunny Jim struggle over a human waitress.
Lobo became part of an Intergalactic Presidential campaign but he does not have enough experience.
Emily begins her first day, and quickly learns that her expectations far exceed those of her new boss, Van Wayne, and her co-workers.
A continuation of the second season; the team faces the difficulty of meta-human trafficking and a new intergalactic threat.
When an alien attack damages the Gotham headquarters, Chairman West delivers some unfortunate news to Van and Emily. In an effort to save the company, Emily's efficiency may make everyone a...                
The team gears up to leave for a company retreat when supervillain Dr. Psycho releases a toxic gas in Charm City; Emily does her best to make the most of a terrible situation.
Kara deals with the loss of Mon-El by focusing her energy on being Supergirl and concentrating on a mysterious new threat. Alex confesses a secret to Maggie. A citizen of National City has a mysterious connection to Kara. Lena makes a bold move.
Batgirl is kidnapped by Killer Moth and it is up to Supergirl to rescue her.
Harley, Bumblebee, and Katana try to sneak past Batgirl's security system to drop off a gift in her room.
Lucifer enlists Chloe to figure out how he wound up in the desert with his wings back.
The girls find Lena to inform her of some bad news. They are unaware of her weird experiment with kryptonite.
Lucifer takes a sudden interest in a case while continuing to track down the Sinnerman.
Maze heads to Canada to get more out of life, but Chloe suspects she's being deceived by a conman.
Lucifer and Chloe investigate the murder of a youth counselor.
When a food chemist is found dead, Lucifer and Chloe's investigation pits them against an unexpected face - criminal defense attorney Charlotte Richards. Everyone is caught off guard when ...                
When Lucifer discovers Candy has gone missing, he hightails it to Las Vegas with Ella in tow. They work to find her, but interesting secrets could compromise the investigation. Meanwhile, Chloe is upset that Lucifer left on her birthday.
The students of Super Hero High try to stop a swarm of little Kryptomites from taking over the city.
Starfire finds it peculiar that the rest of the staff and students at Super Hero High are suddenly down each other's throats.
a Plot
Frost and Katana are assigned to stop Lashina from breaking the Furies out of prison.
Wonder Woman, Supergirl, and Harley Quinn race each other around Metropolis.
When Emily has to put up a fight to get her own office, she challenges Van to a competition. Meanwhile, after Teddy's life is saved by Green Fury, he goes to great lengths to see her again.
The team gets help from a surprising ally in their battle against DeVoe.
Katana tries to stop the Double Dare Twins from stealing a painting from the school's Art Show.
Gordon fears Jonathan Crane is still alive and back in Gotham, when The Scarecrow's signature MO is used in a series of robberies. Meanwhile, Penguin's "licensing" of crime in the city backfires during the grand opening of his new Iceberg Lounge. Also, in the aftermath of his encounter with Ra's Al Ghul, Bruce begins his vigilante watch.
Batgirl, Starfire, and Beast Boy are enjoying a picnic when Lion-Mane suddenly releases all of the animals, from a nearby zoo, and they go on a rampage around the park.
Gordon is forced to face his inner demons when he tries to bring in Jonathan Crane to prove that the GCPD is still powerful.
Beast Boy, Batgirl, and Starfire round up all of the animals and put them back in their cages with the assistance of zoo volunteer, Mari McCabe.
Starfire tries to show her older sister, Blackfire, a good time on her visit to Earth.
Ares crashes a party on Paradise Island.
Batgirl and Poison Ivy are paired together to try and create stealth suits for class.
Batgirl and Poison Ivy try to rescue Crazy Quilt from Killer Moth.
Lashina poisons Commissioner Gordon in order to distract Batgirl and Hawkgirl from stopping her while she frees the Furies from prison.
A vicious battle with Giganta causes a power outage around the city.
Mrs. Clayface steals Batgirl's gadgets, leaving Batgirl to use her mind, physical abilities, and surroundings to take them all back.
Catwoman plans to steal the Amulet of Harmonia from Ares.
Dick Grayson, Artemis Crock, Conner Kent and Jefferson Pierce go undercover in Markovia to stop the Bedlam Syndicate's meta-human trafficking cartel - before it claims another victim.
Conner Kent and Prince Brion Markov are in the clutches of Count Vertigo, leaving Dick Grayson, Artemis Crock and an emotionally damaged Jefferson Pierce to save them and put an end to the Bedlam Syndicate.
While Jefferson, Connor and Artemis find homes for their Markovian strays, Dick assembles a new squad and hits the road - but may not survive the trip.
A distant conflict sends the team on an away mission while the Happy Harbor gang decide what to do with Brion Markov and Halo.
Brion Markov is determined to rescue his missing sister - even if it means throwing down against the entire League of Shadows.
Aliens once again threaten the Earth, but with the Justice League split and scattered, only Earth's first and greatest hero can save us!
As Meta-Human trafficking spreads across the United States, three very different teams of heroes seek to put a stop to it!
The Light hires an assassin to take out a member of the team, but who's the target?
With no news on his sister, Brion is growing more and more impatient, but Batman's on the case.
Victor confronts his father about his football game. Halo and Forager go to high school.
Garfield Logan tests out a pair of Goode VR goggles. Then the goggles test him.
Grayson's operatives attempt to stop an auction of enslaved Meta-teens.
The team reassembles while the Justice League faces a new threat in space.
A new Gamma Squad is sent out on its first mission to investigate rumors of meta-trafficking in Russia.
Across the nation, the team gives thanks for what they have - and for what they very well might lose.
The Reach are back, terrorizing small-town America - unless the Outsiders can stop them.
The Outsiders face Lex Luthor's machinations. But Lex isn't the only one trying to manipulate them.
Project Rutabaga threatens to create an international crisis for the Outsiders.
Victor Stone reaches a crisis point. And he's not the only one.
Dick Grayson and Jefferson go after Gretchen Goode - only to encounter the ominous Overlord.
The hunt for Halo is on. Pray the team doesn't find her.
The betrayals come fast and furious, and with them, a reckoning.
The Outsiders make one last attempt to save Halo...and the galaxy.
In the calm before the storm, Artemis and Conner journey back to their pasts.
In the season finale episode, things come full circle as the team and the Outsiders return to Markovia for the final confrontation.
A thief with psychic powers attacks National City and proves to be a formidable opponent for Supergirl.
Maggie reaches out to her estranged father when Eliza throws her and Alex a wedding shower, while Supergirl joins J'onn on a personal mission.
Ares goes on a rampage around the city and it is up to the students of Super Hero High to stop him.
Kara investigates a secretive new group whose leader, Thomas Coville, has a mysterious connection to Supergirl. Meanwhile, Samantha feels like she's letting Ruby down.
The gang comes together for Barry and Iris's wedding, but the ceremony is crashed by villains from Earth-X.
Wonder Woman and Supergirl distract Ares while Batgirl and company try to get the Amulet back from Catwoman.
Nygma uses Butch to regain power and identity; Sofia Falcone appeals to Penguin's vulnerable side; Bruce makes bold moves with the dagger in his possession.
Gordon and Bullock pursue a serial killer who's assassinating cops and dressing them in pig heads.
Grundy and Nygma become main attractions at Cherry's Place in The Narrows. Penguin wants revenge when he hears Nygma is mocking him on stage and enlists The Sirens for help. Meanwhile, Gordon is offered the position of GCPD Captain.
Morgan Edge blames Lena for children getting sick from lead poisoning.
Bruce puts the lives of a Gotham Natural History Museum historian and his grandson in danger as he attempts to discover the meaning behind his knife from the auction.
Gordon travels to Miami hoping to convince Carmine Falcone to help him fight the Penguin, only to have his daughter follow him back to Gotham.
With Professor Pyg striking fear throughout Gotham, Gordon and Bullock head into the Narrows to look for clues. Bruce Wayne meets a former friend, who convinces him to come along for a night with some old classmates.
Kara and Alex head home to Midvale for a little R&R. While there, Kara recalls a painful memory of a childhood friend's death and how that traumatic experience brought the Danvers sisters closer together.
Gordon tries to broker a deal with Penguin that involves Sofia. As Lee Thompkins gains more control over the Narrows.
Carmine Falcone comes to town, making things complicated for Gordon, Sofia and Penguin. Alfred tries to get through to Bruce once and for all, Nygma struggles to gain control over the Riddler persona, and Tabitha attempts to make Grundy remember his past. Meanwhile, a familiar smile resurfaces in Gotham.
Kara investigates when an alien ship lands deep underwater beneath National City; Hank attempts to bond with his father; Samantha looks to her estranged mother for answers.
Angela investigates the attempted murder of a fellow officer; The Lord of a Country Estate receives an anniversary gift from his loyal servants.
Professor Pyg continues to torment Gotham city, involving Jim Gordon whenever possible. Sofia and Penguin get ready for a fundraiser for the orphanage, and things don't go as planned when Professor Pyg shows up as the chef.
Still in prison, Oliver faces his biggest challenge yet. Meanwhile, Felicity gets an intriguing offer, and Diggle asks Curtis to go undercover for ARGUS.
Still trapped in each other's bodies, Oliver and Barry head to Gotham City with Supergirl to find out why their reality changed and cross paths with the mysterious Kate Kane.
Supergirl traces the origins of a mysterious symbol to an ancient prophecy and the mark of the World Killer, Reign.
Gorilla Grodd's old unit from Gorilla City breaks into the school to try and rescue their leader from "captivity".
The How Do You Sell segment looks at advertisements that tackle equal pay, after Lisa Wilkinson's departure from Today (1982) shone a spotlight on the issue. Two advertising agencies try to...                
Coach Wildcat pairs Katana up with Big Barda so she can teach her marshal arts.
Supergirl must work with J'onn to contain the chaos resulting from Myr'nn's psychic disturbances at the DEO; Mon-El teaches Kara fighting techniques he learned in the future for battling Worldkillers.
Wonder Woman teaches Frost how to fly her invisible jet when they suddenly come under attack by Killer Moth.
Gordon is called to the scene when the Toy Maker is hired to assassinate a doctor in Gotham; Lee tries to rebuild the Narrows with Nygma's help; Alfred's new life becomes complicated; Ivy shows Selina her new persona.
Supergirl remains in a dreamlike state after sustaining injuries from Reign, so Mon-El recruits Brainiac-5, a member of the Legion of Superheroes, to bring her back.
Supergirl and Saturn Girl recruit Livewire and Psi for a mission to recover a prisoner from Fort Rozz who knows how to defeat Reign.
Morgan Edge accuses Lena of plotting an attempt on his life and Kara steps in to help her.
The DEO captures another Worldkiller, who escapes and attacks the city's subway tunnels.
Following the death of his father, Winn must work with his estranged mother to stop a copycat Toyman.
Ivy tracks a secret project on which Wayne Enterprises is working and begins to target anyone that can give her information. Meanwhile, Jerome becomes obsessed with Penguin in Arkham.
Ivy picks her next target, leading Gordon and Lucius back to an old friend, as Selina tries to take matters into her own hands. Sofia wants full control of Gotham and turns to Lee about the...                
Batgirl, Lady Shiva, and Big Barda answer a distress call about a new threat that is attacking the city.
A mysterious Kryptonian seems to be attacking the city and Supergirl believes that she is the only one that can stop it.
Bullock and Gordon try to track down someone who is key in Sofia's control over Gotham. Meanwhile, Penguin, Lee and Nygma enlist an unlikely ally as they seek revenge, and Selina asks Bruce...                
Arkham's "finest" give Gordon and Bullock a run for their money, as they hatch a plan to escape the asylum. Meanwhile, Bruce devises his own strategy to thwart their plans. Also, Barbara gets an offer she can't refuse.
The students of Super Hero High decide to give a little more this holiday season.
Supergirl and Imra have different ideas on how to stop the third Worldkiller, Pestilence. However, when both Alex and Winn are seriously injured by Pestilence, Supergirl and Imra team up to stop the destruction.
Still reeling after learning about Lena's secret, Supergirl asks Guardian for a favor that could alter his relationship with Lena forever. Meanwhile, with all three Worldkillers united, Supergirl and the team brace for an epic battle.
When Reign starts hunting Ruby, Supergirl and Alex work together to keep her safe. Supergirl and J'onn look to Sam's mother for advice on how to stop Reign and come away with shocking news.
A disciple of Coville's escapes from what's left of his cult and gives Kara and James a journal that could help save Sam; Guardian is found out.
Supergirl is stunned to discover that a part of Krypton survived. Meanwhile, Alex is attacked while out with Ruby, and Lena considers how far will she go to keep Reign contained.
Kara makes a major life decision. Meanwhile, J'onn finds out that special DEO-caliber guns have hit the streets of National City.
Supergirl learns the true depth of Selena's nefarious plans for Earth. Supergirl, Mon-El and Alura must devise a plan to stop her before Selena gets to Earth. J'onn prepares to say goodbye to his father.
Supergirl and her team take on Selena in an epic battle for Earth.
Gordon and Bullock try to stay one step ahead as Jerome zeros in on his next target. Meanwhile, Nygma hosts a riddle game show in the Narrows and faces his toughest challenger in Lee ...                
The group throws a going away party for Green Lantern as he decides to leave Earth to train at the Green Lantern Corp.
Sinestro kidnaps the supers of Super Hero High.
A Green Lantern Ring has chosen Jessica Cruz as its champion. But she is reluctant to take it.
The Arkham inmates are still running freely in Gotham and they're only getting more difficult to catch. Gordon develops a plan, but reluctantly has to turn to Bruce for help. Meanwhile, ...                
Jessica faces her fears as she takes on Sinestro.
Chaos erupts at the GCPD, sending Gordon on a wild goose chase for the culprit behind the mass takeover. Meanwhile, a friend of Bruce's becomes paranoid, resulting in rash and destructive behavior.
Gordon and Bullock try to figure out who the clever thief is behind the robberies of various bank branches in Gotham. Meanwhile, Barbara is put in danger, forcing Tabitha to recruit help.
Mera has a rough first day at Super Hero High.
Mera tries to save Miss Martian from Firefly.
Krypto tries to befriend Batgirl's new dog, Ace, who would much rather be doing work than play.
Jeremiah warns a skeptical Gordon of more destruction coming Gotham's way, and Gordon is forced to make a potentially devastating decision. Then, Bruce is forced to come to terms with the future.
Krypto and Ace chase after Catwoman's cat, Roz, to recover the jewels that she stole.
Even though pets are now allowed at Super Hero High, several of them have a hard time understanding teamwork.
The pets of Super Hero High work together to rescue their masters.
As Gotham falls into complete anarchy, a team of unlikely heroes step up to save it. Bullock takes the lead at the GCPD and Bruce's psychological limits are tested as those close to him are put in danger.
Ivy's new experiment accidentally causes everyone at Super Hero High to fall asleep.
Supergirl is called into action when remnants of Cadmus attempt to assassinate pro-alien leaders, but their endgame turns out to be more sinister than she thinks.
Cheetah tries to steal Wonder Woman's Lasso of Truth.
Wonder Woman thinks back to the day when she first got the Lasso.
The group goes on a field trip when Giganta starts attacking the city.
Following Cicada's attack on the Flash, Nora comes up with a plan that puts a member of the team in danger.
Caitlin, Barry, and Cisco learn something new about Caitlin's father; Iris and Sherloque follow a clue about Cicada.
While Nora grapples with unresolved anger over her father's disappearance in the future, Barry and Team Flash must stop a powerful new meta, Weather Witch, from killing her own father, Weather Wizard.
Barry and Oliver wake up to find they've swapped bodies, but Team Flash doesn't believe them, so the two heroes travel to Smallville on Earth-38 to get help from Supergirl.
Barry and Team Flash come up with a plan to stop Cicada. However, the plan calls for Barry and Nora to travel back in time to gather some key necessities. Meanwhile, Sherloque's suspicions ...                
Barry and Ralph must go undercover as criminals in an illegal black market to purchase a device that could help them stop Cicada. Once inside, Barry and Ralph find their morality tested as ...                
While Nora grapples with the revelation that Thawne killed her grandmother, Team Flash must stop the formidable team-up of a newly sprung from jail Weather Witch and Silver Ghost, a new ...                
During a battle with Cicada, Nora is severely injured; due to Cicada's dampening powers, Nora's speed healing isn't working; Barry and Iris are scared for their daughter's future; an enraged Flash confronts Cicada in a brutal battle.
When Sherloque wants to use a memory machine on Barry and Nora to help gain access to Grace's memories, Nora panics, fearing her parents will find out the secrets she's been keeping from ...                
After Iris lands in serious danger, Nora races to save her mother. Barry puts the finishing touches on the metahuman cure, leaving Cisco with a rare night off so he decides to take Kamilla on a date.
Hank Heywood confronts Ava about the spending habits of the Legends; Mona tries to make a good impression with Ava, but her eagerness gets her and Ava stuck in a cell together.
When the Legends discover a fugitive is hiding in 1970's London, they realize he is part of a gang that is targeting the British Monarchy. Trying to stop the gang, they realize someone from...                
When the magical Time Seismograph goes off, the team finds themselves headed to the Salem witch trials. Sara notices that Zari is taking the case personally when she promises to save a mom,...                
A new fugitive is loose in 1951 Tokyo; as Constantine struggles to recover, Ray must look outside the team for help; Ava joins Nate and his family for an unconventional Thanksgiving dinner.
When the Legends hear that Mona has let a fugitive go, they must head to 1961 Mexico City to clean up her mess. Mona tries to convince the Legends and the Bureau that the people responsible...                
After Constantine breaks the cardinal rule, he, Charlie and Zari try to deal with the ramifications without telling anyone else.
Sara tries to help Rory and Ava to get along, while a new magical creature attacks the Legends. Meanwhile, Constantine is forced to confront his tragic past and Mona has a crush on someone ...                
When the Legends discover a new Encore, Sara, Rory and Ava end up crashing a high school reunion to attempt to stop a serial killer from finishing unfinished business. The Legends devise a ...                
Sara and Ava concoct a bold plan to take back the Time Bureau; Zari and Charlie must work together to discover what Neron is planning; Constantine is given a tough choice on who to save from Hell.
Cheetah uses the Lasso of Truth on Wonder Woman to try and make her confess something humiliating.
Trigon tries to teach his daughter, Raven, magic spells. Unknowingly their lesson is disrupting Metropolis, above.
Supergirl shows Raven what it means to be a hero.
Jim Gordon and Bruce Wayne face the chaos Gotham City has become, as villains who survived the attack on the city begin to resurface and claim various territories; Selina Kyle grapples with how to deal with her uncertain future.
Gordon and Bullock investigate a location where several kids have been kidnapped; Barbara proves to be an unlikely ally to Gordon; Bruce looks into an alleged witch with healing powers to help Selina; Nygma deals with his demons.
With the creation of Haven as a safe place for refugees, Gordon hopes to stop the gang fighting in Gotham. Meanwhile, Selina is determined to find Jeremiah and she convinces Bruce to help ...                
Gordon and Penguin are forced to work together and alliances are shaken when Lucius, Nygma and Barbara all have different ideas of the culprit behind recent events at Haven. Meanwhile, ...                
A military task force, led by Eduardo Dorrance is called in to provide relief to Gotham. Meanwhile, Nygma looks for answers from Penguin, who leads him back to Hugo Strange. Then, Bruce is concerned about Selina's recent behavior.
Gordon assembles an unlikely team to protect Gotham from Eduardo Dorrance and his Delta Force. Just as Lee Thompkins resurfaces, Barbara reveals shocking news that will change Gordon's life...                
Gordon races to uncover the criminal element threatening to end talks of Gotham's reunification with the mainland. A very much alive Jeremiah returns and organizes a twisted recreation of the murder of Bruce's parents with the help of Jervis Tetch aka Mad Hatter.
Bullock's past comes back to haunt him when he and Gordon investigate two murders at Sirens. Meanwhile, Bruce and Alfred explore the tunnels beneath the city, and Penguin and Nygma's plans to escape are thwarted by the least likely of suspects.
After Gordon is shot in an attempt to establish a cease-fire, he hallucinates a trial for his life that could have deadly real consequences. Meanwhile, Ivy returns and puts her spell on Bruce, leaving Selina to defend herself. Lee has a life-changing moment as Barbara and Penguin consider their next moves.
On the precipice of Gotham's reunification, Gordon and Bruce find themselves face-to-face with a newly transformed Eduardo, and discover the real mastermind behind the city's current chaos. Meanwhile, a pregnant Barbara turns to Lee for help.
As Bane enacts his final plan for Gotham's destruction, Gordon rallies his former enemies to save the city. Meanwhile, Nyssa al Ghul kidnaps Barbara's newborn daughter with ambitions to ...                
Ten years in the future - Bruce returns to Gotham for the opening of the new Wayne Tower; when Bullock is framed for a murder, Gordon begins to piece together a sinister plot targeting the city; a new figure emerges to be the hero Gotham needs.
Mr. Nobody decides to interfere with the Decreator's prophecy with the help of Niles Caulder.
The Chief has disappeared and the only clue that the team has to his whereabouts is an average donkey.
Willoughby Kipling conscripts the Doom Patrol into helping him avert the end of the world by stopping a nihilistic cult.
After a severe accident, Cliff Steele wakes up, a changed man, in the house of Dr. Niles Caulder and his Doom Patrol.
The Doom Patrol set out for Paraguay where they discover the Nazi doctor who created Mr. Nobody and the connection between the Chief and the two villains.
After a violent outburst from Cliff, the team engages in some self-led group therapy - leading to some growth within the group as they are knit closer together.
Cliff and Victor come to an agreement while Jane, Rita, and Larry go in search of a mysterious team called the Doom Patrol.
A sentient, gender-queer, teleporting street, named Danny is being hunted by the secret Bureau of Normalcy and needs help from Niles - but gets Vic and Larry instead. Meanwhile, Rita and
Jane retreats into a treacherous place in her own mind called The Underground, where she encounters her many personas and dark traumas from her past.
Larry pays a visit to his long lost-love, while Cliff and Rita travel to Gator Country to reconnect with his daughter. Vic worries about his operating system.
Silas and the team break into the Ant Farm to rescue Victor.
Vic and Rita face a dangerous man known as the Beard Hunter, who has been activated by the Bureau of Normalcy to find Niles Caulder.
Rita tries to soothe Victor during a difficult time while the rest of the team finds Flex Mentallo and tries to help him regain his memory.
Trigon attacks Super Hero High.
Seg-El is stranded far from home, where his grandfather leads a rebellion against General Zod.
Raven, Supergirl, and Batgirl work together to stop Trigon from destroying Super Hero High.
The students try to teach Big Barda how to drive.
When Starfire gets homesick, the girls decide to throw a dance party to cheer her up.
The girls realize that a Tamaranean dance is not what they expected it to be.
While investigating a beekeeper's murder with Lucifer, Chloe insists that she's completely fine with his devilish revelation.
It's past curfew but Wonder Woman and Bumblebee sneak through the hallways to recover their school project from the cafeteria.
Wonder Woman and Harley work together on the Super Hero High Yearbook. However, they both have different opinions on what to put in.
The story of how Ben Lockwood became Agent Liberty is told.
When a shocking revelation brings chaos to National City, Supergirl sets out to capture Mercy Graves.
Alex asks Lena and Brainiac to team up and help Supergirl; J'onn discovers new ways to help his fellow aliens after running into Manchester Black.
Raven receives a vision of the future but has it wiped from her memory before she can warn the others. The students turn to the Book of Legends for help.
The girls try to stop the Book of Legends from attacking the school.
A pair of Shadow Creatures kidnap Robin while Batgirl is babysitting him. Batgirl races to the rescue.
As Angela relives haunting memories of an attack on her family, she detains a mysterious man who claims responsibility for Tulsa's most recent murder. An original play is performed for an audience of one.
Following a late-night visit from the senator, FBI agent Laurie Blake heads to Tulsa to take over the recent murder investigation. The lord of the manor receives a harshly worded letter and responds accordingly.
Doctor Manhattan meets Angela, setting the stage for future events.
Supergirl, The Flash, Green Arrow and Superman face the battle of their lives.
Supergirl's cousin Kal entrusts her to look after the bottled city of Kandor for a while.
Wonder Woman is selected to shadow the Janitorial Department for Career Day.
Colonel Haley makes a surprising decision about Supergirl; Kara writes a series of articles about aliens in National City that end up putting them in harm's way.
As everyone gathers for Thanksgiving, Kara is feeling down after her televised debate with Ben Lockwood; James and Lena argue about the best way to handle the Children of Liberty.
James falls in deeper with the Children of Liberty in his efforts to meet Agent Liberty. Meanwhile, Supergirl and Manchester Black follow a lead on Agent Liberty's location, but things take...                
After Star Sapphire's ring breaks, the different moods inside the ring begin infecting the other students of the school.
After a sudden accident messes up her stage play, Miss Martian must fill in for all the actors.
Batgirl makes some new modifications to Hawkgirl's mace.
Catwoman takes advantage of Batgirl after Batgirl loses her memory.
Batgirl invents a new phone app that allows the students to avoid Hawkgirl when she's on hall monitor duty.
Reclusive trillionaire Lady Trieu finally enters the stage with a mysterious offer; With Laurie getting closer to the truth of her coverup, Angela enlists Looking Glass for help; The Lord trains two new servants.
The origin story of Looking Glass is revealed, as is the truth behind the greatest hoax in American history; The Smartest Man In The World plots a daring escape.
Under Lady Trieu's care, Angela undergoes an unconventional treatment. Laurie chases down a lead. The smartest man in the world delivers a crude defense of his past actions.
Deep under the influence of Nostalgia, Angela gets a firsthand account of her grandfather's journey.
The Anti-Hall Monitor Beast has captured all of the students of Super Hero High. All except for Hawkgirl.
Nia has a powerful dream about Agent Liberty but refuses to look at it as a prophetic dream and pushes it aside. After noticing something is bothering Nia, Kara enlists Brainy's help, and ...                
Bumblebee's suit malfunctions after she steps on Harley's joy buzzer, causing her to remain small. As she tries to get Harley's attention, Harley thinks she's seeing ghosts.
Someone is stealing the pets of Super Hero High. Beast Boy goes undercover to find out who.
Everything ends. For real this time.
Bleez attacks the gymnastics competition after the judges gave her a poor score.
Kara joins Nia on a trip to Nia's hometown to visit her family during the town's annual Harvest Festival. While home, Nia's mother encourages her daughter to embrace her destiny. Meanwhile,...                
Jeff receives a visit from a former student, Anissa goes looking for Grace, and Jennifer gets a new suit.
Tobias initiates the first step in selling his army of metas, Jeff sets down some ground rules to his daughters, and Lala and Lazarus have a chat.
Black Lightning and Thunder take on the Masters of Disaster, while Peter and Jennifer try to restore the city's power during the riots that break out after Cape Guy's death. Tobias and Cutter have a disagreement, and Odell makes his move.
Big Barda joins Wonder Woman and Batgirl's roller derby team as they take on the Furies.
While learning an Earth game, Starfire accidentally sets the Kryptomites free.
Secretly furloughed from prison due to failing health, Lex Luthor visits his sister Lena to seek her help finding a cure. Savvy as ever, Lena is suspicious of Lex's motives, but when she's ...                
Miss Martian and Raven try to wake Bumblebee up from a sleeping spell.
Supergirl ideal world becomes a reality.
a Plot
Colonel Haley is upset after Supergirl responds to a distress call from a Navy ship that turned out to be a deadly alien attack. Colonel Haley reclaims the site as DEO territory and demands...                
Miss Martian eavesdrops on a group of heroes planning something evil.
The Monitor sends Harbinger to gather the worlds' greatest heroes - Supergirl, The Flash, Green Arrow, Batwoman, White Canary, The Atom and Superman - in preparation for the impending ...                
After missing the bus for a field trip, Mera discovers Killer Croc trying to break into the school.
With his P.I. shingle newly hung outside his office, J'onn welcomes new clients. Trying to take her mind off what happened at the DEO, Kara decides to team up with J'onn on his latest ...                
Manchester Black breaks out of prison with the help of his new team, the Elite. Supergirl tries to apprehend Black and his team while dealing with a shocking new development involving Ben Lockwood.
Homesick for the holidays, Supergirl journeys to the North Pole where she runs into Captain Cold.
Reinforcements arrive to help Supergirl before Captain Cold can snatch her special crystal.
The girls take part in the traditional Super Hero High gift exchange.
Harley decides to take a special math test from Dr. Seid with the rest of the girls. But there is more to the test than they all think.
Darkseid spreads his power, turning all of the students into copies of himself.
The remaining survivors attempt to change everyone else back to normal and take down Darkseid for good.
When Lockwood organizes a rally, the aliens decide to peacefully protest; Brainiac and J'onn join the alien march, while Supergirl and Dreamer patrol to keep everyone safe; Hayley assigns Alex a job that clashes with her beliefs.
Stuck in the Vanishing Point, the Paragons search for a way to escape; Oliver reveals that he has become something else; the origin stories for The Monitor and Anti-Monitor are revealed.
Adam Strange and Seg evade a bounty hunter, while General Zod uses Nyssa to further his cause.
Kara is surprised to find CatCo has a new owner who has brought in a star reporter; new couples emerge and explore their budding relationships; J'onn J'onzz receives an unexpected visitor.
Jefferson Pierce is in the hands of the ASA with his wife, as Agent Odell tightens his grip on the Pierce family; Anissa secretly defies Odell in her alter ego as Blackbird with the tactical and technical support of Gambi.
Worlds lived, worlds died. Nothing will ever be the same.
In the wake of Lex Luthor's return, the show flashes back to what he's been doing for the last two years and how his secret machinations and plans have affected Supergirl and Lena.
Kara comes face to face with Red Daughter and the two engage in an epic battle.
Kara and Lena head to Kaznia to hunt down Lex. However, Eve Tessmacher sets a trap for the duo that could ultimately reveal that Kara is Supergirl. Meanwhile, Alex gets a long-awaited phone...                
Supergirl must deal with the destructive aftermath of Lex's nefarious plans. Shocked at what Lex has created, Supergirl faces her biggest challenge yet.