A new Marvel chapter with Loki at its center.
Following the events of 'Avengers: Endgame,' Sam Wilson/Falcon and Bucky Barnes/Winter Soldier team up in a global adventure that tests their abilities -- and their patience.
Blends the style of classic sitcoms with the MCU, in which Wanda Maximoff and Vision - two super-powered beings living their ideal suburban lives - begin to suspect that everything is not as it seems.
The sequel to Thor: Ragnarok and the fourth movie in the Thor saga.
Plot unknown. Sequel to the 2016 Marvel film 'Doctor Strange'.
Exploring pivotal moments from the Marvel Cinematic Universe and turning them on their head, leading the audience into uncharted territory.
A sequel that will continue to explore the incomparable world of Wakanda and all the rich and varied characters introduced in the 2018 film.
Series based on the Marvel Comics superhero Hawkeye, centering on the adventures of Young Avenger, Kate Bishop, who took on the role after the original Avenger, Clint Barton.
Plot unknown. Third installment of the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' franchise.
Sequel of the 2019 title 'Captain Marvel'.
Marc Spector is a former CIA agent whose life is saved by the Moon God, Khonshu.
New Jersey raised Kamala Khan learns she has polymorphous powers.
One of Marvel's most iconic families makes it to the big screen: the Fantastic Four.
Jennifer Walters acquires Hulk-like qualities.
Fury and Talos try to stop the Skrulls who have infiltrated the highest spheres of the Marvel Universe.
The film is rumored to involve another popular group in the X-Men mythos, X-Force.
Plot is unknown at this time.
A Guardians of the Galaxy video, the Guardians Inferno, featuring 80s pop star Zardu Hasselfrau.
The genius teenage-girl inventor Riri Williams creates the most advanced suit of armor since Iron Man.
Find out in this series what would happen if Tony Stark's tech fell into the wrong hands.
The further adventures of Ant-Man and the Wasp.
A series of shorts featuring the seedling Groot along with several new and unusual characters.
This series showcases individual characters from the MCU viewers have come to know and love over the years and revisit some of their most iconic moments.
A fugitive geneticist and four of his "creations" search for others of their kind while attempting to stay a step ahead of a morally ambiguous government agent.
Plot kept under wraps. Fourth movie in the Captain America franchise.
Assembled is a comprehensive documentary series that chronicles the creation of Marvel Studios' thrilling new shows and theatrical releases. Assembled is an immersive, and in-depth examination of the next phase of the MCU.
Watch the Guardians Star-Lord, Gamora, Drax, Rocket, and Groot engage in some spirited shenanigans in an all-new original special created for Disney+.
X-Men, still grieving over the death of Phoenix (Jean Grey), are investigating a case of a missing mutant girl in Northern Japan. This leads them to a mysterious virus that turns mutants into monsters. U-Men and the Inner Circle want it.
A teenage Tony Stark battles evil with his revolutionary power armor technology.
Frustrated at being marginalized at work, Peggy Carter goes on an unauthorized solo field mission.
The story of what the hammer-wielding Nordic god Thor was up to while the rest of the Avengers were battling each other in "Captain America: Civil War". He moves into a flat with office worker Darryl Jacobson in Australia.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences celebrates the previous year's (2013) achievements in film.
Logan is asked by his old friend, a cop from Japan, to help him take down Shingen Yashida's crime syndicate and save Mariko, Logan's lost love, from forced marriage arranged by her father Shingen. Yukio, a female assassin, helps him.
The 92nd Academy Awards for film achievements in 2019 are presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Join Shuri on an adventure where you are the hero. Combining Wakandan and stark technology you will become a superhero yourself. Fight along Doctor Strange, Ant-Man, The Wasp and many more against an old foe from long ago..
Plot unknown. Feature film based on the Marvel Comics series about a team of supervillians.
The 88th Academy Awards ceremony honors achievement in film in 2015.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences celebrates the year's achievements in film.
When Tony Stark branches his company into Japan, he is opposed by the nefarious Zodiac organization. It's up to Stark's Iron Man to defeat the Zodiac, and defend Japan.
SHIELD agent Sitwell is assigned to recover an abandoned Chitauri weapon being used by a young couple robbing a bank.
Agents Coulson and Sitwell plan to derail General Thaddeus "Thunderbolt" Ross from interfering with S.H.I.E.L.D. affairs with a very special person.
Legendary half-vampire, half-human vampire hunter Blade is tracking Deacon Frost, a very powerful and influential vampire who killed his mother and who heads Existence, a secretive vampire organization that operates in Southeast Asia.
Tony Stark, gets kidnapped and forced to build a devastating weapon. Instead, he builds a high-tech suit of armor and escapes captivity. When he uncovers a nefarious plot with global implications, he vows to protect the world as Iron Man.
The young Norse god Thor embarks on a quest with his brother Loki to find and recover a legendary sword.
The 90th Annual Academy Awards ceremony, hosted by Jimmy Kimmel, celebrates the film industry's biggest achievements for the year 2017.
The 89th Annual Academy Awards ceremony celebrates the film industry's best and biggest in cinema for the year 2016 with host Jimmy Kimmel, including awards for best actors, directors, songs, original screenplays and motion picture.
Video game based upon the film of the same name.
Plot Unknown.
Plot under wraps.
When Tony Stark's new weather machine is stolen by AIM, it's up to Black Widow and Hawkeye to retrieve it, taking them on a high-speed chase through New York City.
An exciting look into the future of Marvel Studios, including never-before-seen footage featuring tales and filmmakers from upcoming Disney+ series.
A look at the story behind Marvel Studios and the Marvel Cinematic Universe, featuring interviews and behind-the-scenes footage from all of the Marvel films, the Marvel One-Shots and "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D."
An action-documentary about the evolution of stunt women from The Perils of Pauline (1914) and beyond.
Plot kept under wraps.
A story arc from the 1994 animated series Spider-Man that focused on Venom.
Featuring Green Goblin, Kingpin, and Dr. Octopus.
In a world of award shows that suck, MTV gives you an award show that doesn't suck. Kevin Hart and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson host the 2016 MTV Movie Awards, an irreverent, in-your-face celebration of the movies fans really love with the stars they actually care about. And unlike other award shows, the fans choose the winners, not some exclusive committee of old, rich people. The show includes ...                

Emily Vancamp hosts this one of a kind experience showing the history and development of Marvel from the first comic book to the latest blockbuster hit.




A father seeks redemption by rescuing his daughter, a PRODIGAL, from two organizations hell-bent on acquiring her "special" abilities.
This short explains the six infinity stones that are at the heart of the Marvel cinematic universe. "Age of Ultron" executive producer Jeremy Latcham talks about how the stones were adapted from the comics to film.


The life of Jack Kirby as a comic book artist, from his humble beginnings to being the King of Comics.

Mutant X encounters a new faction of New Mutants - the Strand, led by the powerful first mutant, Gabriel Ashlocke.
Mutant X tracks down a rogue scientist while Shalimar breaks away from the team to help Adam save the scientist and uncover the real bad guy.
Mutant X unearths an old military experiment involving an age-reversal serum and is surprised to discover that Jesse's grandfather is a one of the test subjects.
A young New Mutant from Adam's past shows up, seeking revenge for her father's death.
As the Mutant X team fights to retrieve a formula hidden in a collection of artwork, Shalimar is given vital information from a mysterious source.
The team face their most dangerous mission yet when they set out to stop a group of eco-terrorists.
Jesse is roped into a deadly undercover mission by his estranged father, who is working against Eckhart.
A mutant who was disembodied takes over the bodies of various people. And sets out to go after the ones who did this to him. And one of them is a doctor, Shalamar likes.
The Mutant X team learns about Lexa's estranged twin brother when he becomes the main target of an underground operation harvesting mutant organs.
Lexa's suspicions lead Mutant X to unveil a traveling death camp, which is posed as a circus for mutant refugees and Mutant X's enemy within the Dominion.
While Brennan and Shalimar investigate a mysterious plane crash, Lexa contemplates her future with the Mutant X team.
A boy who's developing new mutant abilities has been kidnapped. The team tries to find him, for his mother. They later learn she was the one who had her son kidnapped. She said it was too ...                
The team set out to save Brennan, who has become trapped inside an invisible town - and is facing execution for a crime he didn't commit.
Mutant X and Genomex are both captured on film using their powers, and they both have to deal with the reporter who plans to go public with the information.
The team encounters some people trying to break into a Genomex lab and discover that they're ferals. They learn that they're military and that they're entire unit was experimented on which ...                
The team tries to stop Eckhart from acquiring a rare element. But a thief gets it. The woman who has the ability to make men fall in love with her sets her sights on Brennan. She makes him ...                
Brennan is forced to return to his criminal past when Mutant X discovers that his old partner is involved in stealing secrets from the Dominion.
An old friend of Brennan's lures him and Emma into a trap - Emma ends up split into two separate entities, one good and one evil.
Mutant X must stop a scientist from cloning women for use as slaves in his ultra-exclusive men's club.
Shalimar's former boyfriend shows up and is trying to recover a Faberge Egg that holds a microchip of extraordinary power.
A mysterious tribunal finds Adam guilty of trying to dominate the world with his super-mutants and sentences him to death, sparking the rest of the team into life as they set out on a mission to save him.
Shalimar becomes close to another feral when it's "lust at first sight," but matters become complicated when her new boyfriend tries to find a cure for his condition.
The team go undercover to investigate unexplained deaths in a prison.
Brennan is captured and falls under Eckhart's control, and forced to work against the New Mutants.
When Jesse's life hangs in the balance, Brennan must connect to him and lead him through past memories they've shared in order to save his life.
Jesse falls in love with a computer hacker, who Eckhart wants to "procure" to use to corrupt the public computer news channels against New Mutants and to the GSA's benefit.
The team are on the trail of a pyromaniac mutant who is causing mayhem, and Shalimar is forced to set aside her fear of fire to save Emma
Emma reunites with an old friend who possesses telecyber powers. The reunion turns dangerous, however, when Michelle tries to turn Emma over to the GSA.
In the exciting season opener, the surviving members of Mutant X emerge from a deadly explosion to meet the beautiful and mysterious Lexa, who makes them begin to question fundamental assumptions about their world.
A New Mutant is kidnapped from his family and Mutant X set out to recover him and find out what Eckhart's interest in him is.
The team encounters a mutant who kills other mutants by draining their energy. And can also come back to life after being killed. He eventually captures Emma.
Shalimar reluctantly agrees to contact her estranged father when the team learn his company is involved in genetic testing and manipulation.
Eckhart seeks a mutant who can absorb energy, one who Brennan becomes romantically involved with.
When a plague that only affects mutants is raging. Adam and Eckhart agree to work together to find a cure. And helping Adam is a mutant who is impervious to harm who thinks of it more as a curse rather than a blessing.
A mutant who has the ability to inter phase with any computer with his mind, who is paralyzed after an encounter with the team, takes over Sanctuary's computers. Shalimar and Lexa get out, ...                
A military plane is shot down behind enemy lines, prompting the team to make a desperate bid to recover the secret government weapon that is hidden on board, before innocent lives are threatened.
A mutant with telepathic abilities who can make people experience mentally anything he wants manages to get into the minds of Mutant X. Now he is making them experience their worse fears. ...                
The team step in to protect a main prosecution witness whose life has been threatened prior to the trial.
The team wrestle to contain Brennan's out-of-control mutant powers when he puts the mission to protect a senator's daughter in danger.
In a desperate attempt to save his own life, Ashlocke revives an ancient Egyptian alchemist who poses a lethal threat to the Mutant X team.
Brennan and the Mutant X team join forces with a time traveling mutant to defuse a bomb threatening devastating consequences.
The team struggle to disempower a military colonel who has threatened to unleash a nuclear holocaust.
Adam is framed for murder by a New Mutant with the ability to steal people's memories.
Brennan battles with a Guardian of the Prophecy to stop the late mutant Ashlocke's plan from beyond the grave of world domination.
Shalimar gets into difficulties when the team encounter a Cold War-era mutant with the ability to alter reality and destroy people's minds.
The team help the crew of an ocean research station threatened by a prehistoric creature - previously thought to be extinct.
Mutant X comes to the aid of a teenager New Mutant pursued by Russians - she holds the secret to a new weapon that targets mutants.
The Mutant X team is called in to investigate bizarre activities occurring at a local hospital.
Three extraterrestrials who pose a serious threat to humanity target Shalimar, so the team set out to save her from their evil clutches.
Many of the mysteries surrounding Mutant X are revealed when Lexa and Jesse are captured by the Dominion and the team, along with Adam, goes in to rescue them.
The Mutant X team is brought in to help a military base that has become infected with a deadly disease.
Ashlocke is desperate to find a cure for his fatal condition, and infiltrates the Sanctuary to blackmail Adam into getting hold of the antidote.
Brennan's shady ex-girlfriend turns to him for help when her latest scam takes a deadly turn.
The Mutant X team embarks on a mission to locate and capture a powerful super-mutant who possesses god-like powers.
A mutant empath on the run from mysterious government agents is rescued by a team of fellow "New Mutants" - the group known as Mutant X.
When Lexa is unknowingly drugged with a lethal substance, the team must race to find the antidote before it's too late.
Ashlocke goes back in time to try and make himself invincible by giving something to his the younger self. Brennan and Shalimar follow him. Jesse takes the new mutant, who sent them back, ...                
Someone tries to kill Adam but the team saves him. The person who killed him was part of a group of assassins. So Adam sends Shalimar to join them and find out who wants to kill him. She ...                
While on a job, Shalimar is injured, she is helped by another feral mutant, Nikki, whom she knew, who was almost chosen for the team. While Shalimar recuperates, she offers to fill in. But ...                
The Mutant X team must stop the auction of a highly lethal substance that a number of notorious international terrorists are vying to acquire.
Jesse is forced to reconnect with his former fiancé when the Mutant X team learns that her company is involved in the genetic manipulation of crops.
The Mutant X team must stop a serial killer who leaves clues to his next victims in the form of puzzles.
A New Mutant with the power of invisibility is working against both Eckhart and Adam, despite the fact she was involved with Adam in the past.
The team head into the wilderness to track down a killer beast which is targeting hikers.
Adam's sends them on a mission but doesn't give them much information. They're following a prisoner being transported in a van. Someone stops the van and releases the prisoner. When they ...                
Jean is about to confess her love to Scott when Mystique abducts Scott and abandons him in the desert in Mexico.
It's Christmas time and a mysterious "angel" has been sighted in New York City, saving those in need.
Spyke joins a skateboarding contest sponsored by "Pow-R 8" soda.
Discovering that their teammate Lexa is the subject of a covert experiment that is controlling her, the Mutant X team hunts for the doctor responsible.
Rogue has nightmares based on memories she absorbed from Mystique, which reveal secrets about both her and Kurt's past.
In an effort to fit in, Wanda and Vision perform a magic act in their community talent show.
Wanda's pregnancy fritzes her powers as she and Vision prepare for an accelerated delivery.
Monica Rambeau, tasked with a special assignment regarding sentient weapons, goes missing.
Wanda addresses Vision's worries when he grows suspicious of the neighbors' strange behaviour.
Disturbances on Halloween separate Wanda from Vision, who looks into anomalous activity in Westview.














Batista: Dream Chaser Dave Bautista chased his dreams to become a WWE Legend and Hollywood megastar. Now witness Batista's amazing story as WWE 24 cameras capture the raw emotion of The ...                
What would have happened if Peggy Carter and not Steve Rogers took the super soldier serum at the start of World War II.





























Marvel Studios LEGENDS explores Wanda Maximoff's growth and the unique bond shaping her destiny.
Marvel Studios LEGENDS explores Vision's quest for humanity and love, capped by selfless sacrifice.
Monics her return, Wanda navigates unsettling complications, and Vision forms a new alliance.
Wanda embarks on a troubling journey revisiting her past for insight into her present and future.
Wanda battles Agatha and Vision fights his S.W.O.R.D. counterpart as Hayward launches an attack on Westview.











Actor Randall Park ("WandaVision" and "Fresh Off the Boat"); actor Aldis Hodge ("One Night in Miami");
"Wandavision" star Kat Dennings will stops by to be chat. In an all-new Love Bug segment, "The Real" host and author of, "I am Living In 2 Homes," Garcelle Beauvais will helps answer some ...                
Revisit Sam's journey to becoming The Falcon, and his eventual partnering with The Winter Soldier.
Relive how Bucky Barnes was twisted into the ultimate assassin, and finally redeemed.
Join Elizabeth Olsen, Paul Bettany and more, to go behind the scenes of the groundbreaking series 'WandaVision'.
Everything you need to know about the making of this hard hitting, high-flying series.
LEGENDS retraces Zemo's diabolical scheme to incite a war amongst the Avengers themselves.
LEGENDS recounts how Agent Sharon Carter risked all for Steve Rogers, doing what she knew was right.









Jessica Jones is hired to find an NYU student athlete who's vanished, but it turns out to be more than a simple missing persons case.
With tension building in the streets of Harlem thanks to ruthless club owner Cottonmouth, Luke finds it increasingly difficult to live a quiet life.
Luke is pulled deeper into the fight for his neighborhood when, as a favor to an old friend, he tries to help a kid who's in trouble with Cottonmouth.
In the aftermath of a chaotic event at a favorite Harlem hangout, Luke heeds the call to action and hits Cottonmouth where he'll feel it most.
As he rescues a victim of Cottonmouth's vengeance, Luke remembers his earlier life and the conspiracy that led to his superhuman strength.
Cottonmouth strikes back at Luke by taking his vengeance out on the people of Harlem, while detective Knight and Scarfe face an unexpected threat.
After Cottonmouth and Scarfe's bloody clash, Luke realizes that saving the community may turn former allies into enemies, and enemies into allies.
Mariah's political career comes under fire, and Cottonmouth picks up information that could put Luke on the run.
Mariah campaigns to turn the city and the police against Luke, and not even Misty or Claire may be able to save him.
With Luke wounded and on the run, Misty faces a soul-searching interrogation. Mariah's rise to power takes a dark turn.
Luke gets closer to the truth about Reva and her part in his fate, while Mariah wrestles with morality of her new role. Misty hunts for Luke.
In one bold move, a person from Luke's past puts Luke on the defensive, Misty in dire straits, and Harlem's safety in jeopardy.
Misty digs deeper for the truth as the neighbourhood's power players throw the city into confusion.
With all of Harlem bearing witness, Luke takes on the fight of his life in hopes of emerging as the defender his city needs.
Director Phil Coulson and Agent Daisy Johnson leading the charge as S.H.I.E.L.D. searches the world for more powered people in the aftermath of their epic battle with Jiaying and her army ...                
Fitz and the team enlist the aid of an Asgardian to unlock the secrets of the ancient monolith that swallowed Simmons, and Agent May is at a crossroads in her personal and professional life.
Mack, Daisy, and Coulson race against time to keep Lincoln safe; Hunter will do whatever it takes to get revenge.
Having reluctantly agreed to share information with Rosalind and the ATCU, Coulson and the team search for the Inhuman who is killing other Inhumans; May feels that Hunter's mission to take down Ward is getting too personal.
After her dramatic rescue from another planet, Simmons is still reeling from her ordeal and reveals how she had to fight for her life in a harsh new world.
The stakes get higher as May and Hunter pursue Ward and Hydra; Coulson thinks the ATCU could be keeping a big secret.
As Daisy and the team try to protect Inhumans, a shocking truth is revealed about S.H.I.E.L.D.'s biggest enemy; with Fitz's help, Simmons recovers information that could get them back through the portal.
Dangerous facts about the ATCU are discovered by the team; Ward's plans to take down S.H.I.E.L.D. do not go as expected.
Ward's vendetta and plan for revenge against S.H.I.E.L.D. brings the team to their knees, and Coulson proves he will be willing to do anything to settle the conflict.
S.H.I.E.L.D battles Hydra head-to-head, which sees Coulson and Fitz take the ultimate risk while Daisy and the Inhumans try to keep Hydra at bay.
Coulson is more determined than ever to get to Gideon Malick and put to an end to Hydra once and for all in the aftermath of his trip to Maveth. Meanwhile, Daisy and the team encounter more...                
Coulson and the team investigate an international conference on the fate of the Inhumans. Back on the bus, Fitzsimmons may have found a way to stop the Inhuman gene from spreading.
After tracking Malick to Russia, Bobbi and Hunter become involved in an assassination plot; the team is changed forever as they race to save lives in the balance.
Agent Mack and his brother step in when a radical group called the Watchdogs plan to eliminate the Inhumans; Simmons finds a powerful chemical compound.
When Daisy gets a horrifying glimpse of the future, S.H.I.E.L.D. races to prove that fate is not fixed.
The team hunts for information on a new enemy; Malick's secret from his past threatens to destroy his Hydra legacy.
Agent Daisy Johnson must call upon the Secret Warriors for an inaugural mission that will leave no member unscathed, and S.H.I.E.L.D. learns more about Hive's powers, forcing them to question everyone they trust.
The S.H.I.E.L.D. team is left reeling and decimated as Hive continues to sway Inhumans to his side. But there is a sliver of hope as Agents Fitz and Simmons follow a lead that may be able to stop the maniacal Inhuman once and for all.
As the threat of Hive looms, loyalties are put to the test and the team must come up with a decisive resolution.
In the aftermath of the events of Captain America: Civil War (2016), S.H.I.E.L.D feels pressure to reveal their involvement with Inhumans. But with the stakes higher than ever and Hive ...                
It's a showdown a season in the making as S.H.I.E.L.D. takes on Hive, and when his master plan is finally revealed, the team must spring into action.
In the conclusion to "Absolution," S.H.I.E.L.D. must spring into action to combat Hive.
While Jessica deals with a rival PI and a paranoid would-be client, Trish digs up a medical file that could unlock the mystery of Jessica's powers.
Jessica sets out to find Dr. Kozlov and makes a startling discovery. Trish recruits Malcolm for backup as she visits a figure from her past.
Daisy has left S.H.I.E.L.D. and is trying to solve the mystery of a bunch of serial killings in the Los Angeles area. At the same time her old friends suspect her for the killings and are following her trail in an attempt to find her.
Former Marine Frank Castle takes the law into his own hands while struggling to come to terms with his traumatic past.
A mysterious phone call forces Frank's hand. Meanwhile, Madani goes digging for suspects and Curtis delivers a message.
Frank skips the subtlety while interrogating Micro. Brutal memories of top-secret missions shed light on Frank's past.
Madani and Sam plan a delicate operation, Curtis tries to connect with Lewis, and Frank encourages Micro to get his hands dirty.
Frank and Micro go looking for answers from a reluctant witness. Madani and Sam learn of a looming investigation. Rawlins sees a ghost.
With Frank in bad shape, Micro calls on Curtis for help. Madani and Russo continue to mix business with pleasure. Lewis stands up for his rights.
Lewis struggles with the ramifications of his actions. Frank and Micro pursue another face from the past. Madani and Sam go bug hunting.
Russo opens up to Madani about his past, Sarah shares her concerns about her son with Frank, and a decoy operation takes a turn.
Following a deadly explosion, Karen lands in a bomber's crosshairs -- and Frank isn't happy about it. Meanwhile, Curtis makes a grisly discovery.
An attack on a high-profile politician is examined (and reexamined) through different perspectives. Madani faces a painful truth.
As danger knocks on Sarah's door, Frank takes his quest for vengeance to the next level with some help from an unexpected ally.
Frank makes a damning confession. A shootout leaves Sarah wondering what to believe. Rawlins goes in for the kill, once and for all.
As the authorities close in, an exhausted but unbroken Frank vows to put an end to the war that has consumed his life.
Daisy goes to battle Ghost Rider at a terrible cost, and Coulson faces the new director, whose bold agenda surprises them all.
Coulson, Mack and Fitz try to locate and neutralize a rogue group looking to stop Inhuman registration worldwide; Simmons and Dr. Radcliffe have only a short time to save May before she succumbs to her illness.
As Ghost Rider's quest for vengeance brings him into an explosive confrontation with S.H.I.E.L.D., Coulson and Mack must rely on an unlikely ally in their time of desperate need; and Daisy ...                
As Robbie Reyes struggles to control The Ghost Rider, S.H.I.E.L.D. infiltrates a high-security prison to unravel the secrets that haunt them all.
The shocking origin story of Robbie's transition into Ghost Rider is revealed as the lives of Coulson and the team hang in the balance.
With the loss of half the team, the remaining members search for answers as the clock counts down for Ghost Rider.
With the lives of everyone in Los Angeles hanging in the balance, S.H.I.E.L.D. and Ghost Rider find themselves working together.
Though Coulson and May are growing closer, Coulson remains unaware of the dark secret May is hiding beneath the surface. Meanwhile, Aida is unrelenting in her search for the Darkhold.
Separated from their team, Coulson and Mack discover a shocking secret about Mace, leaving all of S.H.I.E.L.D. in a precarious position.
May works to uncover the truth about what happened to her; Aida's next move puts everyone's life at risk.
Dr. Radcliffe goes after the Koenig family to find the location of the Darkhold. The Superior reveals his plans to Radcliffe.
An explosive Inhuman surfaces and the team are tasked with containing it. Elsewhere: Coulson and Mack encounter Radcliffe's inspiration for Aida.
Coulson and the team engage in a deadly cat-and-mouse game as they work to rescue Director Mace, who is fighting for his life.
As Radcliffe and Aida's plan goes into action, Fitz and Simmons are trapped in the Playground unsure of which of their friends are real and which ones have been replaced by LMDs.
Daisy and Simmons uncover secrets and lies in a world gone mad. With Hydra in control, they are our only hope to save everyone.
As Daisy and Simmons struggle to discover an escape route to the real world, the identity of the Inhuman leader of the Resistance is revealed.
The truth behind Fitz's turn threatens to bring down all of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Daisy teams up with an unlikely partner; Aida prepares to put her endgame into effect.
The clock is ticking for Daisy and Simmons to get the team out of the Framework, but not everyone is ready and willing to leave.
Coulson and the team's victory in the Framework is short-lived, as an even deadlier enemy looms against them all.
With the surprising emergence of Ghost Rider, Coulson and the team attempt to stop Aida from ending the world.
Coulson and the team find themselves trapped on a mysterious ship in outer space, and that's just the beginning of the nightmare to come.
Coulson and the team find themselves stranded on a mysterious ship in outer space, and that's just the beginning of the nightmare to come.
Daisy decides she will rescue Simmons, even though she must risk everything.
Coulson and the team discover their captors' true intentions.
With the help of Lance Hunter, nothing will stop Fitz from finding his lost team as his secret journey is revealed.
With Daisy's life on the line, an unexpected friend attempts to rescue her.
Just as the team reunites, they become prey to an undefeated Kree warrior bent on killing them all.
Coulson and the team discover that the most unexpected person from S.H.I.E.L.D.'s past may hold the key to stopping Earth's destruction.
Mack, Yo-Yo and Flint fight to keep everyone alive by starting a revolution against the Kree.
The team has one final chance to return to their timeline, but their actions may have deadly consequences.
Coulson and his team are out to rewrite the fate of humanity but they are unaware how the changes will affect one S.H.I.E.L.D. agent's life.
Coulson finally reveals the mysterious deal he made with Ghost Rider, which will impact everyone on the team.
The team goes in search of Gravitonium in order to save the world.
Fitz and Simmons are faced with one of their greatest fears as they search for a way to seal the rift.
Coulson uncovers General Hale's real agenda and it could be the end of the world if S.H.I.E.L.D. can't help her.
Coulson is forced to team up with unlikely allies to save the world, while his team try to track him down and rescue him.
When an agents life hangs in the balance, Fitz, Simmons and Yo-Yo attempt to neutralise a weapon that could play a role in Earth's destruction.
The team must find a way to stop Ruby before the prophesied chain reaction that can destroy the earth is put into motion.
The team finds themselves trapped and under siege at the Lighthouse.
A newly determined Talbot takes Coulson to meet the enemy and attempts to avert Earth's destruction.
Daisy's future as the destroyer of worlds could take a critical change.
The team must choose between Coulson's life or death; the wrong decision will cause the destruction of Earth.
Scattered across the galaxy, the team works to find their footing in the wake of losing Coulson.
While Fitz and Enoch struggle in space, Sarge and his team move forward with their mysterious mission on Earth.
While Fitz and Enoch try their luck at the casino, Daisy and Simmons find themselves in a much more exciting situation.
Yo-Yo and Keller take things public; parasitic aliens threaten the human race; and someone really needs boba.
Sarge has May; Altarah has Daisy, Enoch and Simmons; and now, there are two planets that need saving.
Fitz and Simmons have fought through space, time and alternate realities to find each other, and now, closer than ever, only their own demons can stop their mission.
After finding themselves in yet another gambling dilemma, a mysterious stranger offers Enoch and FitzSimmons a ride home.
To face The Galaxy-Hopping Hate-Beast That Eats Planets, the team on Earth asks for help in all the wrong places; while back on the Lazy Comet, something weird goes on with Izel's crew.
There's no time for the team to play catch-up when there's a planet to save.
The team must trust each other in order to face impending doom and an enemy that's closer than they think.
Out of answers and running out of time, the agents must face the ghosts of their past to move forward.
With time running short, the team has to go to hell to stop the end of everything.
With time running short, the team has to go to hell to stop the end of everything.
Sam Wilson and Bucky Barnes realize that their futures are anything but normal.
John Walker is named Captain America, and Sam Wilson and Bucky Barnes team up against the rebel group the Flag Smashers.
To find the source of the Super Soldier Serum, Sam and Bucky must scale a ladder of low-lifes starting in Madripoor with Zemo.
John Walker loses patience with Sam and Bucky as they learn more about Karli Morgenthau.
Sam Wilson, Bucky Barnes, Baron Zemo, John Walker, and Karli Morgenthau must all deal with the fall out from their actions.
As the Flag Smashers escalate their efforts, Sam and Bucky take action.
Coulson and the agents are thrust backwards in time and stranded in 1931 New York City; with an all-new Zephyr set to time-jump at any moment, the team must hurry to find out exactly what happened.
With the identity of the timeline-unraveling "thread" revealed, the team's mission to protect him at all costs leads each agent to question their own values.
A surprise leap forward in time strands Enoch in 1931 and lands the team in another unfamiliar decade; in order to stop the chronicoms from launching their future-dismantling plan, the ...                
Agent Phil Coulson comes to a realization about the importance of July 22, 1955, in the S.H.I.E.L.D. history books.
The team - Daniel Sousa in tow - reunites with more than one familiar face at the S.H.I.E.L.D. hangout and discovers exactly how to dismantle the Chronicoms' latest plan; the Zephyr unexpectedly leaps forward again.
After blowing its cover and damaging the Zephyr in the process, the team must scramble to rescue Mack's parents, save S.H.I.E.L.D. from a chronicom infestation and fix the ship; Daisy and ...                
After getting stranded in 1982, Mack retreats to his childhood home to deal with the death of his parents; Deke scouts a group of new agents.
With the Zephyr's time drive malfunctioning, the team hurtle toward disaster with Yo-Yo as its only hope; Yo-Yo must enlist the help of an old adversary to regain her powers.
A time storm ravages the Zephyr, propelling it toward destruction while simultaneously forcing Daisy and Coulson to relive their failed attempts to save the team.
The team arrives back in 1983, where Nathaniel and Kora are hard at work building an army; Daisy is tasked with protecting Jiaying; the others learn they'll need to face another supercharged enemy to stop Malick.
With help from Kora on the inside, Sibyl and Nathanial continue their fight to shape a dark new future for S.H.I.E.L.D., managing to stay one step ahead of the agents along the way.
Sibyl attempts to get the location of Fitz from Jemma's memories. Meanwhile, the SHIELD team attempts to stop Nathaniel's plans for anarchy and the Chronicoms' attempts to rewrite history.

The final fight against the Chronicoms begins. A familiar face returns.
Wanda and Vision struggle to conceal their powers during dinner with Vision's boss and his wife.




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































